it's hilarious that your biggest concern
was getting stuff in your beard and me
not telling you about it we've got a
strange one going on man cuz you kind of
like trimming the sides a little bit and
then you're puffing out here yeah sort
of a bowtie fashion you're looking at
this struggle between who I was and who
I am am I doing this
it's the pandemic I got like let the
pandemic bier go all the way and yet
there's still the sense of like we've
got to keep civilization I can't let my
guinea what's next if it goes all the
way up you know what's gonna start
happening
I'm already gardening now what's next
you know where does it go how crazy can
you go in a compound now that you're a
father and this craziness went down and
you protection protection instincts
protective instincts kick in have you
been thinking about moving elsewhere
yeah I mean yeah I was thinking about
the Asheville before yep we've got as
well we've thought Georgia we've done
you know we it's a constant
consideration especially when you have a
kid and aside from like apocalyptic
prepper bullshit there's just a general
feeling of like you know I think if I
were a little boy I wouldn't want to be
in a place where there's creeks and it's
place I said I could run and like woods
and forests and like stuff like that
so there's that consideration too god I
hope my wife isn't listening this
because she's always like maybe we
should move somewhere in the country and
I'm like we gotta stay in LA we gotta
stay here now now especially it's like
well do we you know like well Duncan you
now have a successful Netflix show
number two in the country on IMDB it on
Rotten Tomatoes whatever this yeah lime
thing and I don't know what that means
necessarily but yeah yeah I can't
believe it yeah is IMDB even TV shows
it's Internet Movie Database is it
yeah I'm not sure what it is it's like
young bees odd but yeah it's successful
show guys right now some people like it
it is so weird dude your shows so weird
yeah it's so Duncan it's the most Duncan
thing you've ever done yes it is it
really is great I got lucky that they
let me do that too you know that's good
that's cuz Netflix you know the name of
it real quick it's called the midnight
gospel and you know I've watched some of
your episodes where you're talking about
the way things are changing cuz a
podcast or streaming or whatever and I
think like the fact that the show exists
is a testament to that shit that changed
because you know a subscription-based
service versus like any other old TV
they've got a lot more creative freedom
and they could take bigger risks then
you know didn't coming into a look at us
oh my god that's so crazy
yes so Duncan yeah and yeah and it's
like Pendleton ward who made Adventure
Time he look he listens to my podcast
and he just I don't know we had a really
great collaboration and he that's a lot
of Pendleton and it's a lot of like 150
other people at titmouse studios like
jesse moynihan like just these brilliant
people like mike may feel they were like
you just want to also by the way as a
non-sequitur or is when we were making
it a titmouse one of the really weird
things was walking by an animator and
they're watching your podcast while they
animate the midnight gospel you know is
one of those weird it's not like a deja
vu but it's like that's my friends
that's you know that that just is so
many odd moments like that but yeah
that's not just that's whenever you see
any animated thing you're looking at a
squadron of brilliant eccentric artists
or Asian slaves yeah a lot of people
don't know that they send it overseas
and we they didn't send ours over they
let us do it in-house that's so nice to
know you're not supporting Asian slavery
is it really slaves I don't know if it's
slaves but I mean if you're working for
five cents an hour you live there you
know there's people that live in bunks
if you've seen those those set up so
they have for some of the cell phone
factories or they have bunk beds and
shit these people just live in these
dorms yeah
the Foxconn thing with the neck around
the building people jumping off oh yeah
they they're bait I mean they're not
slaves slaves
it's Foxconn Chinese yes it's actually a
very good company
the best way to saying that I think I'm
a Chinese shell or something I guess how
long before someone gets one of those
animation things tattooed all over their
body it's gonna happen for sure
someone's gonna do their whole back with
that DJ I know man I picture again that
actually really pretty dope if you if
you do get that done
shout me out on the Instagram thank you
yet somebody tweeted at me that my
biggest decision of 2020 is gonna be
when do I get a tattoo a clancy on my
body which is pretty that's the half
that's clancy yeah that looks like a
clancy
that's a clancy for sure yeah that's
hilarious dude that's that someone is
getting that for sure
yeah I mean it's it's the art these
these are the folks who worked on this
man we're talking like these are like
that's the fan art already some of the
fan art is just amazing this is fan and
fan art yeah that's vanish people have
been drawing clan seeing all these
different ways it's so cool man they're
that one above it to the love Jamie yeah
that yeah that looks like it could be a
back tattoo yeah just a giant back
tattoo of Clancy I mean when like doing
animation and you know I'll never be
able to look even if if an animated
series of I don't like if the plots
weird to me or whatever I'll never be
able to be like whatever man when you
realize how much and how many people go
into have to do just one frame how much
time goes into just a milliseconds and
how many people are sitting in these
rooms that are lit specifically so you
see all the colors having like real deep
conversations and and debates over like
you know what color they should make a
pizza cutter in the show that like how
like what should the shade of gray be
for this one specific area so much
thought goes into that and that's part
of making one of these things it's it's
called the dailies where you'll sit and
you'll watch tiny tiny
little bits of the show and like do you
have to every single frame you have to
look for continuity problems and like
you got to catch all these little things
that I you know I'm not an animator
obviously so I'd be sitting there in
like Pendleton or Mike Mayfield would be
like can you go back to frames it looks
to me like there's a these that you have
an animator language you know they're
like looks to me like there's some kind
of warble on the twenty-eighth pixel
there and you're like what the fuck whoa
and they can't they have the I to catch
like the tiniest tiniest like tiniest
thing that's off and you have to because
otherwise you know once it's up there
it's up there I know it's it's not it's
literal magic
it's like titmouse Studios who did that
is like you know I would go in there I'm
so stoned and I would just start getting
that feeling of like this is a temple I
don't think this is even a you could
call this a studio as much as it's a
temple I mean why why wouldn't you call
it a temple and then you see all these
people you know focusing their life
energy on essentially like bringing a
thing to life like Clancy was alive now
that's a living being and some in this
universe who lives you know in that
medium of animation that's a good way to
put it right yeah it almost seems like
that right that's why people get so
upset if you change your character's
behavior like what are you doing yeah
you have this thing give birth this
thing yeah that's right you and I that
is also why you need a huge team of
people who love love the characters to
think because it's easy like therapy
times I would suggest a thing that would
make Clancy seem like too mean
because he's not mean you don't like the
moment a character seems like that know
it like it loses all likeability people
are like what a fuck you know he's alive
to you you know he's he's not mean yes
he's not me yeah like it's like you're
talking about your your brother or
something he's like my little brother I
think of him as my little brother yeah
he represents you in a weird way there's
something about what they captured go to
go to that image again he's just kidding
me don't give me the one with his head
in a vagina it's actually universally
there's something about one of the first
couple of images that you pulled up they
they look like you yam and I don't mean
they look like you I mean like yeah
Duncan's thoughts that's a Duncan
thought yeah I mean like he looks like a
fake guy that you would create like it
kind of perfectly fits I don't like that
that is another the magical aspects of
animation yeah which is I don't know how
they do that like the the the spoiler
spoiler if you haven't seen it put your
fingers in your ears spoiler I'm sorry
if this is a spoiler the last epaulettes
not too much of a sport the last episode
is the podcast I did with my mom when
she's about three three weeks away from
passing on and you know they never met
my mom it but they did the exact same
thing with her so suddenly I'm watching
you know her like and not her like I'm
looking at a video of her but looking at
her like her like they got her spirit in
there somehow and that was one that that
is just a testament to the meat to the
medium of animation because they that's
one of the things that can do you know
it can grab a spirit and hold it inside
the art and like that spirit is alive
somehow somehow right yeah I agree with
you in some weird way
so go I wouldn't agree with you in a
technical sense but in a sense of like
well it is affecting the things that
comes in contact with release through a
one way dimension right like the the
things it says hit people the animation
it seems like it's a living thing I know
it's not I'm not stupid I'm not that
stupid yeah I'm a little stupid but it
seems like you well it's not
biologically alive for sure
it's sort of like there's there's an art
to doing that that we maybe don't know
because we're not I mean I got used to
draw a little but I'm not really good
you know me like a really good artist
there's something that they can do where
they just can kind of capture you in
like a little symbol like a little thing
a little character that yeah but they
capture you in there somehow yeah
that's you know Pendleton like when you
heal you wouldn't you watch him draw it
would be easy to think man I could
totally do that
cuz I'd watch him you know he I just you
know we would you just draw and you
watch these beautiful just these
drawings are just Pendleton
there's his art you know and like then I
would see that I'm like maybe I'll try
to draw a little Pendleton war and then
it's like what the fuck and I can't do
it because it's so simple like on one
level it looks so what's so powerful
about it is how simple it is it's very
similar to stand up the way Pendleton
was treating working on the show which
is one of the cool things about him it's
like his ability to cut the fat and get
right to the like simple point that's
where the power is when you're drawing
something or telling a story or whatever
the more complexity that gets added to
it not to say the show it doesn't have
like chaos and wild psychedelic stuff
but any decision we made ended up like
any decision you make creatively in
anything it's like what am I trying to
say like what is what is the the artery
that is running through this that I'm
trying to express and then getting as
close to that as you can and then in
putting it out there without because
otherwise you it the whole thing gets
blurred by although I guess you could
say like extra bells and whistles you
might want to attach to it you know
that's something you taught me to a
stand-up man like how important it is
just like cut just trim the fat trim the
fat and that's a sad thing to do with
comedy when you think you got a nice
eight-minute bit it's like a two-minute
maybe but you know it stretched out too
wide yeah but the two minutes would be
great though that's the thing you just
have to you have to understand that you
you're growing attached to you know the
writers expression kill your babies yeah
it's very difficult to kill your babies
when you create something that's for you
can get attached to it there's a lot of
bits that I left on the table left on
the cutting room floor I was like this
has to be chopped up it's just too wordy
I'm too verbose it's - this is - that I
was too long why do I think so much
about this why I'm not showing a real
reason why I'm so connected to this
so just chop chop chop chop chop it's
hard it almost always works better
always it's always almost always almost
always if it doesn't it's not whatever
your idea was probably isn't that good
sometimes you need a setup though
sometimes the setup isn't funny like
there's guys it's not my style but
there's guys it'll tell Lally / big Lea
is great at it tells stories you know
like there's an you're you're entrapped
in the narrative of the story you're
capturing this it's a very different
thing it's equally entertaining it's
equally funny like when it gets to the
punchline but there's a difference
between that and say like BRR right
BRR is hitting you with fuckin punchline
and this fucking guy with a thing and
the Babbitt iPod about and he's another
guy that like your friends drawing like
you would hear bird talk and you go well
I can talk too seems like he's just
talking yeah you know realize this is
like a masterpiece of syllables and
pauses in the right amount of outrage
and segwaying it in and hitting you with
this at the end and all these things
that have put it together that make a
great bill burr a bit it's like if you
don't know it's hard to draw what he's
drawing yeah it's hard it seems like
it's simple lines but go to that picture
again like the / everything is beautiful
about it
like look at the perspective it's like
the kids perfectly sandwiched in the
front there's the dog and the triangle
in the world it's like that's not just
it's simple in the sense that it's just
not like it looks like a real person
yeah like we look at drawing sometimes
like as the realistic ones are the
really good ones like we have cameras
now okay yes this to me sometimes is
more interesting it's like you're
drawing some shit that's definitely not
real yeah well that you know what that's
not that so when we're coming up with
that we had to come up with a character
and so what's really fascinating about
it is you know this character goes into
a multiverse simulator and chooses a new
avatar for every place that he goes so
it's like he said you have to take that
character and put it in a completely
different drawing that is that character
and still maintain the body language
that you're maintaining in that
character to produce continuity
that's one of the challenges of the show
is like and also the conversations you
end up having just to come up with like
the you know the kiss hat or is what's
he gonna wear like for example here's
how cool pen is and how much he loves
like people who love adventure time is
one of the things you're saying is you
know people are probably gonna want to
cut cosplay klancy at Comic Con and
stuff and and he doesn't have anything
he doesn't have anything to carry
anything he doesn't pockets so if people
are cause playing him they're not gonna
have anywhere they could put their stuff
so we should let's give him like a bag
this cool bag that he carries around
yeah for the cosplay yeah yeah exactly
okay cuz that's the the world of
animation and comics man listen man it's
really easy to make fun of cosplay but
that's adorable that's a beautiful thing
where's the bag oh there it is let me
tell you something if you didn't make
fun of cosplay I would be worried about
you it would be like I feel like are you
alright Joe yeah they can't be mad at it
either you can't be mad if you dressing
like ultraman someone's shitting on you
but then when have you ever been to
comic-con
dude when you around someone who's
actually put that together and you
realize how detailed it is your respect
will go up regardless of like thinking I
would I don't think I'd ever do when you
see someone who's like looks better than
the version of spider-man that is you
know Marvel's putting out it's a little
it's amazing to watch that happen that
that kind of contagion to of like you
know again obviously Clancy isn't alive
but I you know I know you're trying but
we had this chat last time I was on
which I really love is this the
origination point of ideas yeah where do
ideas come from ideas is the alien ideas
is the UFO the muse the muse yeah
and so to me in my more stone states
when I consider this is this show
represents over a hundred people
connecting in the canoe
in between those people channeled this
universe I do think like shit maybe
Clancy is alive maybe it's a channel
thing maybe there is a place in the
multiverse like this or something like
this
and then where it got really weird as
people started sending me their art from
like images that they drawn on
dimethyltryptamine or ketamine and stuff
that has within it
similarities and I've obviously never
seen their art where you're like shit
but let me ask you this sure it as
television as viewing things gets more
complicated and as it gets more
immersive it it's gonna come to a point
in time somewhere where you're gonna
think Clancy's alive and what you're
experiencing when you watch Clancy what
if it's what if the way we're looking at
life is wrong what if we should just
look at it like a thing instead of life
a thing so there's a thing that you do
will you drink water and you grow plant
plants in the dirt and this is a thing
that exists only when the people press a
box and the box goes live and it shows a
video yeah and then the thing only
exists in there but you go bull it's not
alive because it needs animators to make
it and someone has to come up with the
idea for the storyline it needs a studio
to fund it uh-huh right and you need
bacteria you need food yeah you need
oxygen you need water is a bunch of
living organisms inside your body that
are 100% necessary for you keeping going
and a regular life driving your Tesla
listening to music you there's a bunch
of other things that please you're not
one thing right we all know this right
this is what this fucking whole virus
thing is about yeah we got infected by
another thing but we're not one thing
there's a bunch of things inside of us
and if those things died we would be
fucked
Yeah right if all the bacteria your body
died you would be fucked and you'd be so
vulnerable to attack from the outside
yeah right yeah so do we need all these
things maybe it needs us and it exists
in that thing wow that's so weird vent
yeah I mean I'm telling you I I'm I I
think sounds crazy it sounds we're
really high it's a yeah
to me it's not that crazy I mean look if
you want to like take it to like okay
forget all this shit about channeling
some alien realm into this realm through
you know this disguise the TV show or
whatever let's just look at like what we
know is gonna happen regarding
technology there's no question but that
I mean already somebody made a Clancy in
Minecraft and I saw a picture of that so
that's Clancy's now existing in 3d space
and some minecraft blocky version but
then of course as time progresses Clint
you know the the chromatic ribbon or any
great animated series Castlevania
whatever gravity falls all those things
they're gonna end up getting put in a 3d
space in virtual reality and then and
then those worlds are going to be real
but now it's going to be more than just
2d it's going to be a virtual space that
is going to be real and then of course
it's only a matter of time before AI
just decide like understands the
character of Clancy animates the the
virtual Clancy Clancy in the simulated
space and now click the chromatic ribbon
Israel and then at some point when does
it when is it just going to be accepted
that oh yeah that's a part of the
universe now that's inhabited by other
artificial intelligences which we don't
call that anymore because you know at
some point it's going to be considered
off-limits to call them artificial
intelligence like right it's gonna be a
dirty word yeah it's gonna be like
calling someone a tranny they're gonna
get mad they're gonna be like don't
please please I'm an intelligence just
like you I'm not artificial I'm not
artificial in the way you think I was
just birth through a different method
yeah that that yeah that's it that's a
matter of time cuz I also already know
people in like the tech world who think
the term AI is ridiculous in the sense
of like what do you mean it's artificial
like what's really artificial like you
could say this is artificial sweetener
in the sense that it's not actual
strawberry juice but it's certainly real
Israel could be it's just a chemical
compound so intelligence you have an
artificial tree that's a fake tree I
mean it's it but it's an object that
exists right you know I mean yeah that's
if you think but that's so it's still
the right word though artificial still
the right word it would be you know
you'd but you'd want to use non-existent
or something
dude they're gonna play this in the
future I know and you're done
they're gonna be like look at that Joe
Rogaine refuses disease AI phobic yeah
it's it's gonna happen man it's like and
also the thing is the the AI is I think
the AI is prior not gonna give a shit
what we call it but like the when that
starts happening which it may already be
happening man I mean I I don't know if
you've been looking into this or not but
have you been checking out Google
achieving quantum supremacy have you
seen this I have and like if you watch
the Google videos on YouTube about it at
all like the stuff Google's putting out
I haven't whoo what are they putting out
oh my god it is so wild man and like
when I was at The Comedy Store a guy
from Google I got in a conversation with
someone from Google which is awesome and
he was telling me that they this is like
six months ago he was telling me that
this before obviously before the
pandemic he was saying that they had
achieved what do you call it a quantum
supremacy and he was like people this is
like the Wright brothers taking flight
but nobody can understand it cause it's
so arcane that no it's not getting the
press it should get but he was you know
anything I was like oh I had one too
many vodkas man so I wish I could
remember all they were saying because he
was trying to describe to me what it
means regarding how quickly this thing
is making calculations and I was like me
like yeah of course I understand exactly
the same no I know what you're talking
about
did you know that that word came under
fire the the term quantum supremacy
because of its connection to white
supremacy fucking kidding I'm not
kidding you it was an object of social
justice warrior outrage I'm gonna you
know you're the thing here's my theory
on that let me tell you here's my theory
on that rottens it's the Russian not the
right people now I don't think it's I
think it's way it's worse than the
Russians I think what it is is it
somebody trying to come with it up on
the angle to write a blog that they
could sell to somebody it's like you
need to come up with some weird hot take
right so it's like I think more than
likely that's just somebody thinking
like I bet people will read that you
know
clearly whoever is comparing that to
white supremacy or racism didn't spend
four minutes watching the Google clip on
it where people are explaining what it
means which you know I'm watching it on
the couch with my wife she's getting
weirded out she's like let's just not
watch this I just maybe we shouldn't
watch this I'm like no let's fucking
watch it let's go deep and see what the
what videos that start suggesting for us
to because it's not Google's being
secretive about what the what they did
it's just it's so weird I don't think
people are like in awe right now I guess
people are a little more concerned with
other shit right now yeah but one of the
engineers over at Google just was saying
like you know I think one of the things
I'm excited about when it comes to
quantum supremacy is that this could be
one of the technologies that allows us
to discover an alien intelligence just
you know kind of casually mentions that
I mean yeah it's on the YouTube video
it's the you're watching it and you keep
you keep looking up to make sure it's
actually release from Google because you
it seems so sci-fi that it could be like
black mirror or some shit but it's yeah
it's like it's like they're just saying
it like yeah we might you know we might
connect to an alien we might be able to
at least identify it or maybe they mean
because they're gonna be able to sift
through all the data we already have
from radio telescopes and stuff that
they could maybe look for signals that
we can't find or I don't know how would
that may be something they could tune in
to things that they wouldn't ordinarily
have the frequency of reach yeah man I
don't be able to tune into that
frequency rather like what can they do
now and turn those I was watching
contact the other night which is great
yeah it's kind of good it was it's great
man Jodie Foster can act her fucking ass
off man she plays nervous and freaked
out better than like anybody a lot like
too freaked out for her and that movie
yeah I'm good to go
I'm good to go what she's about to drop
through that thing Jesus Christ holy
fuck dude we talked about that but that
one he's a mess
to the third hit when you put the pipe
down he'll go No yeah that feel like is
the best worst feeling that I know maybe
that's the aliens I've thought that many
times when tripping in the middle of
having some sort of like really vivid
interaction with some intelligence or
with some perceived intelligence yeah
I've always thought what if those are
the aliens what if we're just stuck in
this idea that travel is you got to move
this to move this to there what it would
if what if you just go into another
thing and everything's together there is
no travel that's true yeah yeah I mean
maybe this concept of planets and then
stars and the way we have it set up here
in this dimension in this universe we
just think that's how everything is
everything is well there's a star and
there's planets around it what if you
can go into a place chemically that
takes you to a nearby dimension where
there's no matter where there's no form
to things and everything that exists is
just thoughts and light and perception
and emotions and anger and fear and love
and hate and it's all moving in geometry
and everything's lit up and everything's
impossibly bright and vivid yeah that's
just like another place you go to well
they used to call it the spirit world
yeah I mean that was the name for it was
he it was just accepted there is like a
place called the spirit world some
people call it the Bardo there's all
kinds of names for that place but you
know one of that's real it is I mean it
is obviously real in the sense that you
can go there you not only can you go
there but there's a you know visionary
artists when you look at the art that
has been inspired by various entheogen
there it all has a specific flavor to it
and Alex gray is the best example right
yeah how does an Allison man they like
are there their art you look at that and
they're the reason that one of the
reasons it resonates for people like us
is because we admire the fact that
somehow they manage to go over there and
come back and draw what's over there in
a way
that we saw that but we you know when I
came out of it I was like well you know
it's unusual lading colors and there oh
there's some kind of disembodied
intention that seems to be expressing
itself through a variety of geometries
but it's not just geometry is because
the geometries seem to react to the way
that I feel regarding the geometry so
it's also kind of taking on the form of
my energy output as though it's trying
to be a combo mirror but not just a
mirror and educational mirror that sort
of is showing me how I'm affecting the
world around me but then again I'm just
not sure if I was just super high but
they did you know but they like go in
there and I Alex gray said this to me
once that you know they're cartographers
it's just yeah yeah the cartographers
and like a Delhi cartographer would be a
great name for a band yeah yeah man for
sure
cartography is fascinating because you
go back and look at the old maps or you
go back and look at like my favorite
thing is like old pictures of a giraffe
or like old pictures of a some shit
somebody saw when they were oh no bison
on the walls of caves yes exactly and
it's like kind of looks like a bison but
like also it's somehow in that time
period our brains hadn't evolved to the
point they have now so you look at like
a medieval drawing of a giraffe or
whatever when some are something someone
saw in the Crusades and came back and
tried to like explain to somebody and
like it looks exactly like the way your
description of getting completely
blasted on psilocybin probably looks
compared to what you saw it's a
downgraded weird version of it and so
you know people like Alex and Alison or
Terence Mckenna
you know they're so good at going into
that place and maintaining some kind of
like long-term memory that they can come
back and fully articulate it in a way
that we as people who've been there and
know what it is and then there's
something comforting in that because
that does point to the idea that this is
a place we're not just mashing down the
watch or we're not just distorting
our biotechnology this is a shared place
we're all seeing the same thing now that
I'm not that could be a synaptic place
that just are a genetic place it happens
to be in humans or something you know
we'll never be able to answer that
probably in our lifetimes but to me it's
regardless it's still a place and to get
back to what you were saying about our
current concept of travel you know our
current idea that well I need to get my
meat body over Erika's and but other
that means Amer and you know that's how
I know I've been there cuz I was there
in my body look you know this is like
the guy who founded the Hari Krishna's
his divine grace AC Bhaktivedanta Swami
Prabhupada he would show he would in his
writings he would like was derisively
that people were sending a metal ship to
the moon with bodies inside of it he
would say like that shows where human
consciousness is right now because they
think their their bodies and they think
they need to put their body in like this
box and send it to the moon because they
haven't figured out yet that you don't
need metal to send yourself to anywhere
in the universe that you want to go it
just requires yoga and discipline you
know which is hilarious and also I
remember reading that and thinking like
but I still want there to be
interstellar fucking travel man you know
I still want to get in the box and
travel to the moon that being said you
know I think that you're onto something
when you are contemplating right now
that maybe our idea of going to one
place or another with our meat bodies
could be looked at in the future is a
little archaic well when they talk about
there being different dimensions right
like when they use quantum physics to
determine the number of dimensions
they've they've determined there's
multiple dimensions that we don't have
access to right yeah is that how it
works or am i reading in a dumb way
because I believe there was what it's
like what do they think there are do
they think there's nine or eleven
dimensions do you know usually when I
look this up it's 11 but up to 26 maybe
some people even think so up to 26 first
of all when those dudes are writing that
shit down on the yellow legal pads we
all have to take them we have to take
their word for
sure yeah okay yeah how many people know
what the fuck they're writing down those
goddamn yellow legal pads when you see
those physics dudes and they're doing
crazy like yeah we have to take their
word for it it's apparently
mathematically right that's why they
believe there's at least 11 dimensions
so what does that mean it means we have
access to some dimensions and we don't
have access to others yeah theoretically
that they exist is there is it possible
to transverse the distance between this
dimension and that dimension man this is
the thing as I'm glad you're asking me
this because you know I got my doctorate
at the University of bro science and I
can't fully answer this question you see
the I don't understand it I just have to
do with 5g don't mention that shit dude
it's my fucking poodle my poodles fuck
has a 5g man like it fucked up my poodle
like its eyes turned just both of them
white and it's like yeah it's fried
froths all the time
it just Frost's and I'm here at our what
my near at our yeah I didn't think I was
until that happened to the poodle but
it's got rabies no but I'll tell you
this my fucking poodle took out a mouse
today like the other day I was I have a
little bee cute little poodle and like
this is just a cute creature sits in my
lap I love this dog now and we but we
our new place I noticed like mouse turds
around the dog food and it sucks cuz
you're like damn that Mouse is
definitely gonna get through the doggie
door and then we're gonna have mice in
the fucking house and that's gonna be a
nightmare so anyway I was like under a
tree with my kid and I looked down and
there was a broken body of a mouse that
one of the dogs took out its you know
like just been smashed to death and like
I know it's a brutal I don't think my
son saw it thank God I don't think he's
ready to deal with that reality that
like Gatsby on speaking of dimensions
hmm on the dimension subjectively that
that Mouse lives in Gatsby is a dragon
that's a monster that lives in the field
runs in when it's trying to get food for
its kids and it's not even hungry it's
full it's a full monster oh you know it
I saw it kill the mouse today you know
and I with my wife is like you got to
get the mouse away from it don't let him
torture like that you got to take it out
it's misery and I'm like all right all
right all right oh I get it and then
well like well like execute the mouse
you know so I start walking over to the
poodle
that's not my cats me anymore it's
killing and it like looks he looks at me
and he's like no the mouse and
everything just approaching anything and
so then he like wolf in him dude he's
like tap-dancing on this mouse and he
realizes that we're approaching to like
take his prey and he just looks back
like the fucking American Werewolf in
London and just goes off into the
shadows behind the house to finish off
the mouse and all you hear is like is
he's like killing the mouse you know
that's a fucking poodle that poodles the
sweetest little thing ever but like it's
also I think maybe something in animals
knows that like and there was a time
when mice were a sign that things were
they would eat your grain they would
fuck you up like you would spread
disease they'd shit on your baby you
know they were like they're gonna piss
all over your Hut maybe there's
something in dogs that just knows that I
mean I don't think he's a sociopath I
don't think he's doing like Jeffrey
Dahmer shit where he's just like I
wonder what sound it makes as it dies I
think they're prey animals to dogs too
because coyotes eat a lot of rodents
they're one of the reasons why we don't
have rodents like real rodent problems
that we could like New York City has is
we have way more coyotes coyotes are
everywhere and hawks a lot of birds
those are those the ones killing so
they're prey animals the reason why
they're so prolific and they grow they
grow so fast and there's so many of them
is because a lot of things eat them yeah
man yeah all the animals heat of wolves
eat them everything that can get ahold
of them eat some dogs too and dogs are
from wolves so dogs see a mouse they're
like I'm eating that like that that must
look like a delicious cold slice of
watermelon on a hot July day this Oh
yeah just running across your yard when
you are mouth fuck yeah yeah yeah it's a
perfect orange you know those oranges
were sometimes the the peel just comes
right free ah it's so satisfying like
very little work and then you bite into
that orange is just juicy delicious
that's that mouse that Mouse just
running bullshit ass mouse thinks he's
gonna run through my fucking yard now
and eat that mouse that's the other
thing that's really sad about I mean the
mouse is cute like this wasn't like some
dangerous looking mouse this Mouse look
like it was like in act 2 of a Disney
film or something like you know like
this this mouse look like sweet like the
mouse look like it could sing it was
patton oswalt in ratatouille it was like
that level of cute man oh I know and
like you're just you're my heart this is
like breaking cuz it's like what what do
you do or that being said there's not
much I could have done you know it's
like this is the way nature is and to
get back to your dimension thing man
that not that it's like literally like a
physical dimension but the reality
tunnel that my poodle lives in and that
Mouse lives in is so fundamentally
different than our reality tunnel that
the mouse is in the Texas Chainsaw
Massacre the mouse is in the walking
dead except it's poo it's like two
Cavalier King Charles a poodle and a
chihuahua
so but for the mouse that's the walking
dead in the mouse it's got to eat it's
got to get food and ever in it so it's
constantly like developed this like way
that humans would develop which I think
the walking dead did a good job of the
comics especially of showing the way
people over time would evolve to deal
with zombies and how people would
gradually completely like change or
transform based on their predators you
know like the the rats and mice have
done that you know when you see a thing
that is a prey animal you're seeing a
reflection of the predator in the prey
animal are you where what's going on
with rats in New York City
I can't imagine rat wars going on
because the restaurants are out of
business right so the restaurants closed
down so all the rats food supply is gone
so rats have started moving into other
rats
territories and killing and
cannibalizing ratsy wow dude rat wars at
the rats the rats didn't do anything
wrong
they're just being rats and also the
food supply got cut off holy shit man
that that is so intense and that yeah
and think of that level of reality that
level of reality is level of reality
that's taking place in these some of
those tunnels down there man that they
don't even use them anymore like that
there's rat infested yeah just floods of
rats you have like you know decided
that's their kingdom or whatever that
are now being invaded
that's so weird out down and also it's
dark it's all smell so like the world of
a rat down there it's not there's light
and the subterranean depths of New York
so it's like their universes there's a
universe of smell and I guess maybe they
could today I'm sure they do see down
there but the way they see is like who
knows so they're looking at whatever
they're seeing is a completely different
thing and then they have a complete
different set of priorities you know
what's that show man it's on it's a it's
a really beautiful but disgusting
documentary I think it's called rat yeah
rats the one on Netflix
like they send the weak ones to eat
poison yeah yeah that just dad alone we
played a video the other day of a rat
setting off a mouse trap with a stick
carrying a stick over to the mousetrap
you're dropping it the trap goes off and
it doesn't even flinch like it knows how
to shut off a trap - that's what's
really crazy New York City has as many
rats as it has people and that's just a
rough guess you know I mean I don't know
what kind of fucking rat census they're
taking I mean how do I know how do they
know okay and what'd you get a bunch of
dudes or just experts accounting shit
and you go what do you think and like
fuckload do you want to say there's as
many rats as there are people
okay watch this so he says watch this
boom sets it off didn't even flinch dude
play that again
watch watch how he walks up to it sets
it off and watch how he doesn't flinch
that's a violent thing I think exploding
in front of him and
slamming over the ground and he a
hundred percent knew it was gonna happen
no that didn't even flinch the way I act
when I'm getting like a coke out of
machine exact just whatever this we did
I do it all the time smooth them either
cook drops you don't bounce back it's
like thank God they that's nice they're
leaving these for us now I wonder if
they know that this is dangerous they'll
probably figure it out yeah they they
know how to set those things off that's
insane well this is you know when this
is one of the cool essays Terence
Mckenna wrote I love that we've talked
about before if we've talked about on
the pot we probably talk about
everything we talked about already
fuckin but that isn't that one of the
things he said in this beautiful crazy I
say that like everything was cool until
we split the atom and then that was like
no they're like we can't that's too much
that's where we're always in transit so
when we say everything was cool until
the thing about people is were always
going somewhere in terms of we're always
trying to make better things and we're
always moving into a better place and a
better thing that that there's never
gonna be it was good until this all like
romantic thinking like looking bad I'm
sorry I don't mean he's saying it was
good until we spelled out him he was
saying we split the atom and the greater
intelligence is that we're existing in
alternate dimensions were like hey wait
what the fuck oh that's what you would
say it is they're like oh they're like
wait wait wait wait wait no no they
can't do that like if they do cuz like
the like the way he put it and I'm not
only paraphrasing I'm probably like miss
phrasing but though is I remember the
essay the ideas like that that molt that
parallel timeline the multiverse right
next to ours that you see that's the DMT
realm that's but the DMT is just showing
you one version of it but that that that
is populated with spirits or aliens or
whatever the name you want to give them
and they are pretty much as far as we go
they're just like they look at us the
way we look at birds or whatever you
know it's like they're there but you
know maybe some of them study us or
interested in sure maybe some of them
like hunt us from time to time or like
maybe some of them
possess us or whatever but mostly it's a
world that it coexist with us
in a with a very limited form of
interaction that is is you know subtle
but in in there somehow there's some
like Star Trek intentionality behind
that which is like let them do their let
them evolve as they're evolving let's
not fuck with it but the splitting of
the atom that was powerful enough that
it bled over into their realm
destructively and so they were like it
that was the beginning of the end for us
not because it meant a nuclear holocaust
or whatever because they couldn't just
ignore us anymore and that this is this
was like you know I don't know that
maybe this is where the aliens are
coming or the singularity that with the
thing we call the singularity is not
that we technologically create a machine
that produces a thing that opens up a
parallel timeline or creates all moments
at once but rather that's when they come
here that in the way we see that because
we're so limited in our understanding
when I do something I'm like I'm doing
this this is how I did I did it this is
like in music if you write a song and
you write music and you're just in the
room with somebody there's some kind of
laws where they get credit for it
because just they were there that's a
collaboration I'm musicians I don't
explain this to me a long time ago but
it's it's there's an intense way of
quantifying collaboration and music that
is a little different than in like
making like other other forms of media
and it's I think it's a little bit more
sophisticated in its way of looking at
that quantification like we took every
time we finished a podcast we always
have same dam whenever we talk it's like
you bring like Sartre when we're did
these conversations we have I'm not
having them all the time you know what I
mean it's like the us together and Jamie
and like something about that produces a
space where we're able to have these
kinds of conversations and so
quantifying that is like how would you
even fucking quantify that but anyway
what I'm saying is when certain people
are around the people that are creating
the music the music is better yeah that
you know it but so to get back to the
weirdo idea of like technology not even
we're making but we're pretending we're
making because we can't see the fact
that technology is crystallizing in our
timeframe and as part of that
crystallization because it's such a such
an insane visitation we have to in our
brains invent a reason that it's
happening and so we're making it and
someone's like oh I had this idea I'm
gonna work on this thing that's going to
lead to a quantum computer that's gonna
lead to a theme to a thing and then all
of a sudden the quantum computer starts
giving ideas about well why don't you
try this and then and then who fucking
came up with that and then you know what
I mean and then and that's the glass
face before the veil lifts and boom
that's the singularity and that's you
know in this it's not we didn't make the
singularity it were a reflection of it
that's just when this particular zone or
note or whatever you want to call it it
gets open for business so to speak well
if it wanted to prepare us for
abandoning life as usual this would be a
good way to start it yeah yeah start it
with a little pandemic luck everybody
inside for a little bit complete up
ending yes all that's normal yeah in
terms of society yeah man I mean that's
the that is the and you know I was
driving over I'm like I don't want to
talk about like all the different
conspiracies about it with Rogen but I
don't want to either what kind of
conspiracies about the pandemic yeah
what are the conspiracies you're hearing
but other than five g 5g comet impact
comet impact yeah I haven't heard that
one well the comp well you're definitely
not my wife cuz my I've mentioned it so
many times my wife she's like Duncan
please don't do you like everything
they're supposed to fly by like there's
a meteor that's supposed to fly by in
the next my short about time yeah I mean
check out reddit conspiracy my
conspiracy friends I'm not even gonna
attempt to give the download on it cuz
like y'all have done a pretty good job
of putting all the all the pieces
together out there whether they're real
or not I don't fucking know but I enjoy
reading them late at night and and and
they've been giving me terrible dreams
but the asteroid theory is that
okay so we want to have by we I mean
they want to have maximum survivability
for the planet they're not out to like
they don't want people to die they're
not trying to is not a bio engineered
thing that's designed to like call the
population which is another of the
theories but rather there there was a
plan which is like what's a plan if we
do see a meteors going to impact the
planet what's our plan do we let people
know that the meteors going to impact
well it depends like if an astronomer
that's not connected to one of our labs
or whatever sees it they're gonna let
people know and then you know so that's
a little different
I think method of like reacting but what
if we see a thing that they don't know
about and there's some probability even
a 20% chance the thing impacts the earth
right or there's some cosmic event maybe
we're not even aware of like the Sun
doing some weird shit that we don't even
know happens because it's so D it's like
deep data right so maybe it's not an
asteroid it's a cosmic event that's
approaching right and so there's got to
be a plan it's like well if we just tell
people that the sun's gonna do like a
mile blip which is going to destroy all
satellites and destroy all GPS and just
that alone would cause runs on the bank
mass panics like in people would start
looting and shit and that's not you
don't want that because the idea is like
we want them to hole up in their houses
till the shit passes so we get maximum
survivability and so the whole pandemic
this is a conspiracy theory not real the
whole pandemic was a plan to get people
to go inside store up food get them off
the roads and like wait for this
whatever this event is to pass and as
soon as the event passes you don't
you'll find that it's good it's all of a
sudden it's like what do you know the
really the curves are all dropping off
what do you know and then we'll all be
back because the thing they were worried
about didn't happen also it could be a
test for for that so that can I just
stop you please so dumb it's hard to
believe thank you there's a real virus
they can they can image it but know what
it looks like
they've been able to test for it
antibodies talking to my real virus it's
a confusing virus it's so good that I
married the person I married because if
not like I would probably be like
digging a hole to like crawl into out of
pure paranoid because she does do this
to me she's like Duncan do you think
there isn't a kovat virus like you think
there's no virus out there do you think
that like maybe like so all the
scientists that if like identified kovat
are all part of this thing to keep us
from the meteor thing and then I'm like
yeah yeah you're thank you because like
I'll start getting freaked out from it
but I'll answer your question like if I
had to answer that I would say oh no way
it's real I mean these people have died
for me no what is the current Cova death
count fifty thousand today this morning
fifty thousand here's something that I
found out that's kind of odd if you die
of something else so people are still
dying right they're still dying of high
blood pressure strokes heart attacks
still killing more people than anything
right if you die of a heart attack and
you have kovat you get listed as a covet
death so even if you were gonna die of a
heart attack I mean people are still
dying right yeah same amount of people
other than traffic accents which I think
has diminished quite a bit as no one's
driving yep but the same those people
are gonna die still it's not like they
live forever without the kovat right
it's not like they don't get the flu
it's not like they don't get a cold so
it didn't all get pneumonia all these
things exist with it with or without
Kovac they're still people are still
dying from them but if you die of one of
those things and you have kovat you're
it's a kovat death yeah so first it's
that's why it's so crazy it's like you
don't really know what how many people
are actually getting this thing this
kovat and having a mild reaction how
many people are having no reaction how
many people are dying all right what is
the that's when they did that new UCLA
study that came out that showed they
think there's way more people that have
been they think California alone is
somewhere around 400,000 people infected
and so the fatality rate is still pretty
low but if that's the case like so what
do we do we just let let people die or
do we do this every time the flu comes
around too now like what if we get a
particularly rough flu is this a
practice run for what we're gonna do
every time colds come through and they
start killing old people or killing sick
people or fat people or what when do we
mean I wouldn't want to be the person
that makes the call as to when people go
back to work
cuz what if the second wave comes and a
bunch of people die they didn't have to
die right but boy have we set up a weird
precedent you know it's kind of weird
we've shut everything down yeah man I
mean well to me the part that makes
sense is always stop the spread well
also with other thing is it's like and
it's new yeah I mean there are
coronavirus voting on what it is right
so we don't have all that we have the
data on the flu we have the data on the
cold we know how to treat the coal we
know how to treat the flu but this
fucking thing we don't know what it is
it is conflicting dough too
yeah yeah yeah so I gotta get the like
super super super intense careful
approach to it and I and I think if I
had to make the decision that would be
the decision that I made but then also I
hope you ever and thank God people like
us don't make those decisions but
hopefully whoever's like making these
decisions is aware of the fact that like
right now there's folks who are getting
meals on wheels there's folks who are
like on unemployment and lost their job
and like I hope they're aware of the
fact that like and I'm sure they are
that the pressure of folks who are in
this horrendous economic position the
pressure on them at some point is going
to exceed the humanity and compassion
and empathy they're showing by not being
in the demographic that's most likely to
die and still staying inside losing
their job you know that's love man
that's deep compassion because you don't
want someone's granddad to suffocate on
some new fucking bat flew right that's
really blood that's love and that's
compatible but at some point that
pressure is people are gonna be like
look I don't want to kill anybody I
don't want to be a carrier I don't ever
want to hurt anybody but my kid is got
to have food and
I have to work and you know and then I
think somewhere there hopefully by then
there's at least a treatment they've
discovered or at least we get to a point
where they you know where maybe what's
happening in Sweden we get enough data
on that to realize that there's other
ways to do it that don't involve
complete lockdown yeah what they did was
they they sort of left everything open
but they all behaved as if there's the
potential of contacting or transmitting
right yeah like they didn't wear masks
all right they did it doesn't look like
they're wearing masks it looks like
they're they didn't close everything
down restaurants and pubs and is their
death rate similar like well the thing I
saw was like if you look at nearby
countries the death rate is lower but
weirdly countries that were doing
complete lock downs have higher death
rates than they do and you know look if
you a stat that the problem is like you
have this glob of data that anyone can
interpret and there's probably the
angles you can take on it that would
show look yeah there's a higher death
rate of course in Sweden because it's
going to spread more if people aren't
staying inside I mean that seems pretty
logical to me but then also if you're
showing some conflicting data where some
other country in complete lockdown with
a similar population or some house like
ik waiting their population with
Sweden's population if they're if
they've got a higher death rate then
that's fucking terrifying man because
the implication of it is like we really
don't understand what this is there's
other factors too the one one big one in
Sweden is not a dense population I don't
think there's that many people in the
entire country it's a very small place
that's right like how many people live
in Sweden I think I looked us up the
other day I think most of the people
live in small villages of like less than
200 there yeah so you know they probably
don't travel that much or interact with
each other that much they have plenty of
space they don't travel that much I mean
tight together I mean 10.23 million for
the entire country by the way it's great
I've been to Stockholm it was gorgeous
beautiful we did a show there too they
were really nice I enjoyed it very much
very
friendly people but you know they have a
lot of space they're not New York City
New York City seems to be the epicenter
in the United States and for good reason
everyone stacked on top of each other
yeah everyone's interacting with each
other on the streets on a subway moving
around you got to go to places there's
fucking people everywhere they're
everywhere everywhere that I think is a
terrible way to live
dude I I fucking love New York so much
when I went there is so nice but yeah
it's nice to be on the west coast and
especially right now Jamie was you know
talking about like think of the people
right now in New York who are just in
that you know alone in an apartment
seeing the news that apparently spreads
through a like air-conditioning ducts
it's like you know what I mean here yeah
that that's terrifying but you know
again like my opinion on it and in my
old age this is it has to be my opinion
on things it's like I'm gonna trust
scientists I'm just going to cuz I did
like I didn't go to medical school
I don't understand what the fuck a virus
even is like I don't remember I've been
trying to remember I'm too lazy to
google it how it works I know it fucks
with it gets into your DNA it replaces
it but the what I'm saying is I'm not
suggesting some kind of surrender to
authority at of absolute weakness but if
a large consensus of scientists are
advising some specific method of dealing
with this thing let's listen to them you
know and and then just make sure that
it's if I feel bad for like I have a
friend in Georgia right now and like
right now he's become part of us an
experiment a global experiment they're
opening up Georgia right now in every
state that opens up right now it becomes
an experiment we're gonna skit a lot of
data from what happens from all these
states opening up right now regarding
the efficacy of shutdown like we have
right now and it could be that it all of
a sudden we realize we overreacted and
you know what I had much rather
overreact and under react in situations
like this you know it's like a fuck we
overreacted whoops yeah we didn't we
thought there was the potential to think
of mutate and kill fuck tons of people
way more than the flu and we were wrong
and it fucked up the economy but it's a
lot better than what would happen if it
was some new small pox Black Plague I
also looked it killed fifty thousand
people right what if we did nothing
would it have killed like four hundred
exactly I mean that could have happened
I mean it could have compounded it it
seems like for whatever reason these
places where people are contact are
stacked on top of each other not only do
they get it but they get it way worse
yeah it seems like with what's that
expression viral load right yeah like
the viral load is greater and the IMP
like if you're around a bunch of sick
people like there was one awful story
about this family in New Jersey and like
the mother died and the oldest son died
and the middle son died like three
people died from one family vacation or
one family dinner mmm they got together
and one of them had it and just spread
through the fucking house so it's not
the flu you know it's obviously it's
something way more intense but the
people that have survived the flu that
probably survived that too but the
people that you know we're kind of
hanging on edge it seems like anybody
with a respiratory problem is in deep
shit anybody who smokes is deep shit
people with a high blood pressure
diabetes deep shit it's not the same
with everybody
other people like Idris Elba walks it
off you know
hell yeah I know but he has asthma
apparently oh really
yeah he had asthma but he didn't you
know there's a lot of people that I
don't that Chris Cuomo guy seems fine I
know he says he gets chills but he seems
fine seems rattled though you know I've
got I've got not a bad way yeah exactly
like I said I didn't that was one at
watching him was one of the things that
was legitimately creeping me out as like
as you're watching him and he did a
great job holding it together man he
didn't panic and he like put something
out there that was like comforting to
some degree but I could you know I was
scanning his eyes and there were moments
I'm like fuck he's rattled like
whatever's happened in him at night is
bad bad is it happening at night
what is the difference you know I don't
that's I don't understand that if you
look fine in the day how come at night
also different things all fucked up
don't ask me man I don't know it's like
I've known
so sometimes if I get sick night is
always worse than the day I don't know
why hmm I don't know man but the
whatever like whatever the fuck it is so
to me that like the part that really
sucks I got friends who are like immuno
compromised man
and that that means that like there's
like they there they really will if they
get it that's it's game over
you know it's fuck it fuck it sucks and
so there's that quality to it too or
you're like you know statistically I
don't know where I'm like statistically
I think I'm I'm on the cusp you know but
people we've got all of us have friends
that are like dead meat if this thing
were to explode so fuck it you know I
get I'm not i get staying inside man i
just know that like eventually you know
my brother my brother was telling me
every day his neighbor you know my
brother works from home he's an he's in
and he's a video editor everyday and a
producer but every day these you know I
think he's like you know he sees people
are getting food deliveries because they
can't from the state right you know man
and that's like I don't know I'm just
glad I don't have to I'm glad I don't
have to be the one who makes decisions
like this because that must be a weird
thing to be in a position where any
decision you make kills people like if
you make the decision to open up people
are gonna you know die
because they're gonna get sick if you
don't make this decision to open up
there's a potential that you know just
think of the mentally ill people right
now no one's talking about that
like I keep thinking alike the
manic-depressive people the people who
are already depressed who now can't go
outside but are also getting blasts over
the pocalypse news I don't know what
suicide rates are looking like right now
but like you know what I mean so it's
that the the decision to keep people
shut down you know is gonna what might
result from that those deaths might be
secondary or tertiary or some shit but
still it's like there it just sucks to
have to be in a position where you have
to make those decisions and it's like
how awful to know it's just it's like
brutal I feel terrible for them you know
anyone who's like because I don't
you know I don't know what they're gonna
do either I mean they're gonna have to
eventually assume the position that
we're gonna have to slowly open up and
and start you know restaurants and half
capacity and shit like that yeah but
when you know I mean they've said May
15th here that seems like an awful long
time I know it's an awful long time to
ask people to keep it together don't
have any money
it's an awful long time it's an awful
awful long time doesn't seem like the
best idea either it seems like the best
idea would be to quarantine all the
people that are very vulnerable to make
sure that they quarantine and make sure
that people who know them are aware you
know do not you know touch them or touch
anything around them if you could have
potentially been in contact with
something because there are
immunocompromised well it seems like the
move to move seems like to quarantine
the people at this point at least the
self quarantine or you know tell them to
quarantine people that are really
vulnerable older people people with you
know people that smoke people with
respiratory conditions be aware that
you're vulnerable you know and and then
you act accordingly but everybody else
we need to at some point in time whether
it's this week or next week or three
weeks from now when they think it is May
15th right that's like three weeks from
now they're gonna have to open the doors
and when they open the doors people are
gonna be starving they're gonna be
starving yeah you know they haven't
worked there's so many people that are
so behind their debts they're getting
you know debt collectors are still
wanting their money yeah especially if
they had loans or you know anything that
was outstanding before all this happened
they're already in debt trying to work
their way out of a hole and they can't
even work the same time we've ever been
in a position where people can't even go
to work yeah what do you okay so that
I've heard like three ideas regarding
what to do one of them is like
incredibly controversial I wonder what
you think about it which is like using
the same data that they use in like
what's it called this South Korea yeah
no the chips you can put on yeah it's
bluetooth so it's essentially like
tracking and alerting you if you've come
in contact with someone who has it what
do you think about that I don't trust
anyone to have all that data and only
use it for that right there's no way
that data would be so valuable if
everyone had a chip and everyone was
tracked
knew where everyone was all throughout
the day oh you're only gonna use that to
see who's got coronavirus really yeah
the fuck out of here
once that technology exists it's not
like they're gonna murder it at the end
of the fucking season well we've got no
more coping so let's just stop all this
technology no chance they'll find a new
reason to use it okay they'll be able to
track the flu they'll be able to track
adulterers they'll be able to track but
robbers they'll be able to track
carjackers they'll be able to track you
name it man you name it these are the
right-wing activists they'd like to yell
at abortion clinics let's track them
right you know now now Republican gets
in office hey this is these are the
people that are the fucking animal
rights activists I was getting for the
meat plant let's track them right like
you can't track people okay and they're
already doing it anyway you talk to
Snowden they're already tracking you by
your goddamn phone but I like the fact
that I could take this phone and chuck
it in the fucking River I could just
chuck it I wouldn't throw it in the
ocean
no I wouldn't even do that I really feel
strongly about that I would never leave
her like that but the point is I can get
rid of that fucking phone yeah it's not
a part of my body once they're injecting
I've talked about this week too many
podcasts in a row but there's a company
that had these people inject a microchip
in their arm and they could wave it in
front of a soda machine and get fucking
snacks with it and shit it was like your
your tab was on your arm you can Oh
Mike's here open the door and unlocks
the door get the fuck out of here
and we were saying like what if that
company fires you you would have Tripoli
fires you got that chipotle chip in your
arm
I was management it's not a regular
chipotle chip and now you have to work
for fucking seven up and seven ups like
we're gonna have to cut your arm off
yeah cuz he keeps registering that
you're a Chipotle invader you know you
tend chips in your arm because you
worked at right just kept getting new
jobs you get new chips Mike why don't
you get those chips removed I like them
to remind me I've had a hard life and a
lot of good jobs chips
I've told ya it's a way I've always been
always been a hard worker Oh earn these
chips earned all
these trips every single one of these
chips means you know also when you
combine those chips with augmented
reality so that you could have a visual
floating around them it's like the
mascot of the various companies they
work for or like you know like let's say
we do get the chip right the chip exists
and we all just somehow decide like yeah
let's just do it I mean fuck the whole
Book of Revelations that's just the old
bullshit though mark of the beast I
painted let's get the chip that was just
some old ancient bullshit all right come
on I want it I want to get sodas without
having to pull up my fucking wallet yeah
it sucks I'm sick of it I'm exhausted
all day from this activity but we all
get the chips and then what happens is
you and of course it would start off
with like a decision to make like you're
like what what data and the chip do you
want people to be able to see with a
augmented reality and so like this is
where you run into what I think the
future is going to look like with this
shit is it's like it's like when you're
walking around in your company and your
employee of the month and everybody's
wearing augmented reality goggles you're
gonna have some kind of Employee of the
Month halo around you so everybody's
aware that you made the most sales yeah
it's in and it's gonna be like that for
like you know it's gonna be brutal as
far as let's say credit scores go right
because if you've got a great credit
score and you want to indicate to the
world that if you want to get into debt
you can baby cuz you've got a great
credit score you're gonna have this
glowing shit around you me and like and
in the moment one person decides to
reveal that everybody's gonna feel like
they have to reveal it and if you see
someone who doesn't have like the good
credit score or crown or whatever like
the banner of great credit floating in
front of them you know like yeah you're
probably right like you made some bad
decisions you'll see someone who's got a
lot of shit
nice car really nice clothes but you'll
be like yeah but you know he doesn't he
doesn't have a glowing medallion of good
credit on his AR self
mmm I don't know if he really owns any
of that stuff you know and and and you
know I mean then it's gonna like there's
gonna be all forms of that which leads
to like you know like venereal disease
like you could go into a bar and if you
just
tested and you're clean so to speak then
maybe there's like a little AR like
clean angel that like flies around your
head that kind of those bits of data
that that you that if you don't show
them there's some reason to be
suspicious yeah you know what I mean
yeah you walk up to someone they have no
data they're just blank you'd be
terrified yeah you're just a person I'm
just supposed to trust you yeah not to
pass a serial killer
fuck that we're gonna look back on times
when we just would meet people like this
and not have some halo to go by yeah
like if I see Jamie Jamie we'd have like
a nice golden glow
I blew at him he's got a high approval
rating yeah got some cash yeah
that's a good catch yeah there you go if
you go to a nightclub all the dudes who
are glowing gold yeah people be like oh
and girls like purple credit score's
they'd come in try to get close to the
guys and the gold try to get a little
that gold clean up that credit yeah yeah
manage if you knew like if a girl was
really hobby you look at her credit card
oh my god bank fraud look at her she's a
bank fraud er yeah like that you don't
get that gray outline unless you do bank
fraud that's right
yeah and there's no way to get it off
it's like imagine yeah that and not you
know there's gonna be big arguments
about that where it's like you know
currently if you're a registered sex
offender we know where you fucking live
and I get it man like that's good that's
good
but then it's going to be like okay but
do we put that in there
augmented reality chip profile so that
when anywhere they go people are seeing
that this is a person you that hurts
kids you know and there's gonna be a
conversation about that we're feeling
like fuck yeah that's what you do like I
want to know if some like weirdo is like
getting anywhere close to my kid right
fuck yeah you let it in anyway that's a
slippery slope that leads to the
dystopian like you know black mirror
future in that great episode where like
there was like you know and I think they
are doing it in China they're doing in
China yeah
religious social score in China this is
a real concern if this technology does
get released in time and people start
using their kovat tests and putting it
on their cue coat QR code that little
thing that you do with the photo it
scans you like a plane ticket yeah like
all your good Duncan seems like you're
good make sure you keep that phone on
you everywhere you go no problem officer
you know Duncan we got a email the other
day it shows that you have been going I
don't know who has this data but you've
been going down to San Clemente during
the lockdown yeah to stay with friends
now there's a glory hole there that I
like this is not allowed what you're
traveling like see see look what if we
do this what if we go into this scanning
thing and then a new pandemic pops up
and we go into lockdown again
they're gonna be able to find the people
that aren't locking down what if you got
a drive somewhere in the middle of the
night to go get something having
important for your family yeah well
awesome you're being tracked and they
then they call you doctor where you
going yeah we go we are we are looking
at you right now you're in San Clemente
you don't live in San Clemente why are
you down there
yeah but I you know I'm just freedom
want to drive around I don't know this
is a lockdown yeah there's a new flu go
back home Duncan you want to kill people
it's a weird it's a weird power to give
people the power to have a mayor tell
you what you can do that's never
happened before I'm not saying they're
doing it because of that I know why
they're doing it they're doing the save
lives I'm a hundred percent for it I'm
not don't get me wrong here but still
that power that anybody has to say you
can't work you got to stay home you
can't go to the park you can't go to the
beach that powers weird that's a lot of
power man yeah you know to be the person
Gavin may we open
not yet yeah yeah not yet but what if
they social distance and they need to
make money yeah we need to save life
yeah it sucks yeah it's there's no good
answer it's a shit job man inside the
shittiest that's the shittiest job cuz
it's like you you you know decision you
make is gonna make everybody happy any
decision you make is gonna ruin
someone's life maybe kill him and so
yeah all these people and so no one
thought that was gonna be a part of the
job right yeah you didn't think that you
thought you're gonna deal with like yeah
Gavin wasn't like he didn't know that
when he like got in there he was
suddenly gonna be like potentially like
one of the war leaders in Mad Max he
didn't understand that was gonna be his
world
dude this is how poorly they thought
this through Garcetti has given people
money to snitch
they're giving people money to snitch on
social distance violators what'd ya say
if you go over your buddy Mike's house
for a barbecue there's eight people in
that backyard - Helen look fuckin people
we're over here social distancing that
cunt Duncan Trussell is over at Mike's
house barbecuing
drinking beers probably wife swapping
pigs Garcetti comes along and offers
people money to rat you out how much
they get it can't be real they're
offering Bieber rewards why is to rat
out social distance violators disgusting
yeah how how you don't know that leads
to Maoist China and fucking Stalinist
Russia how you don't know that getting
people to rat on people leads to North
Korea I'm not saying we're gonna be in
North Korea but that that kind of shit
that's where that comes from how it
starts you can't pay people to rat
people out yeah fucking asshole what a
shitty poorly thought-out idea that is
no shit man are there like any Foreman I
saw something popped up on my Instagram
some company saying if you're aware that
your bosses are violating like software
like I don't have licensed software you
know we'll give you a reward in finding
people it like disgruntled employees you
know that their boss is running like
stolen Photoshop or whatever
to like make a little money and fuck
their boss over and it's like that
invitation to snitch that is a satanic
invitation man that is like I don't care
what level it's at like in general
unless you're looking at like hardcore
Snowden level whistleblower like you've
been down into deep underground military
bases and you saw the fucking thing in
the egg they could read your mind get
that but like any the the other versions
of it yeah fuck that don't invite us to
snitch don't encourage that behavior
there's better ways to do it
I'm sure then like bounties on your
fucking neighbors that's fucked so
fucked up it's so fucked up that someone
who would get as high as mayor of Los
Angeles would let an idea like that slip
through the cracks well like what
fucking fascist do you have working in
that office that Blake I got an idea pay
people to rat people out yeah
these fucks they haven't been working
you need money for masks yeah that's it
was it he did say snitches get rewards
but he said it's the opposite of
snitches get stitches you know I can't
follow you know they'll definitely get
stitches I can't find anything saying
like they get 50 bucks hundred bucks
this is the reward you get he might be
the opposite of snitches get stitches as
if they're not still snitches and as if
snitches don't still get stitches right
what are you talking about you're gonna
you're gonna absolutely make sure that
these people don't get beat up for being
snitches you're gonna step in with cops
give them 24-hour security guards if
you're you find out your neighbor ratted
you out for money oh my god you'd want
to kill him it would be like what
happened to that dude what's-his-face um
Ron Paul's kid you know I'm talking
about now the the congressman who got
tackled that's forehand Rand Paul yeah
Rand Paul his neighbor was like fuck
yeah I don't know where tackles him
smashes his ribs he lost a piece of his
lung yeah man that's fucked up
it's like cuz you're what you're asking
for there which is another thing that I
think this state anytime anyone starts
doing this then
you really have to start thinking about
who you voted for but like because the
idea is like I love it when you know and
I'm cheesy and I am a fucking hippie and
I get accused of stoner talking shit but
yeah I want there to be world peace and
I want people to love each other and
when I see you know any even the
slightest thing that like transcends
political divides we're like you know
people who have hated fucking Trump and
people Trump if hated I saw something
where like I can't remember who it was
like god what's the name of the Mormon
politician that was running for
president against Romney Romney yes so
some dude like voted against releasing
money to people who don't have jobs and
Mitt Romney tweeted well that Senator
whoever he was tested positive for being
an asshole and Mitt Romney said that and
fucking you know been like there was
just like a moment where Trump retweets
out her says I'll think about it and
says like I didn't know he had that
sense of humor but I liked it and like
for that one stupid moment there's a
second where it's like that's we're
supposed to be on the same team right
and in in like you know that's not a
political statement
that's like a statement of survivability
and when you have a fucking when you
have a and again I'm not saying bow down
to the state or anything like that
either that's an opposite I'm saying I'm
not saying therefore we're all gonna I'm
not saying any of that shit man so don't
take this the wrong way because I know
what I'm saying I guess what I'm saying
is when anything that divides one
neighbor from the next
anything that invites neighbors to
divide instead of unites is cancerous
literally for society in the sense that
what's going to start happening is that
the the pixel of society is that the
neighbors that's like the connection
between your neighbors makes up the
tapestry of the entire country in that
connection if it's broken or weird or
fucked up then that's that's fucking
everything up and and so to invite that
invite anything that fucks that up
is to me really really long-term
disasterous it's like the idea would be
like hey does your knit is your neighbor
an old person go find out if your
neighbor is an old person and can't get
food and if they are and you get food to
them will pay for it right how about
that yes that's beautiful like you you
know someone who's like fucked up right
now let us know so we can make sure
they're not there kids aren't starving
right are there any do you know it like
man what about the fucking kids whose
parents are right now super fucking sick
with this shit like what we need
governors and we need people saying like
you need to know where the kids are in
the building so that inmate whose
parents are sick so we can make sure
those kids are getting taken care of all
their parents are in bed and shit like
so fuck that I thought that is what
people get rewards for that why don't we
have a way of monetizing kindness in an
acts of like grace to your neighbors
instead of monetizing like you becoming
like literally what is one a universally
derided thing which is a snitch you
don't want to be a snitch fuck snitches
get stitches no maybe they don't get
stitches but man I'll tell you when you
die wouldn't want to be you wouldn't
want to be a snitch in the afterlife
I'll tell you that man you get devoured
by spirit Wolf's like I bet just a
spirit Wolf's I'm sure you don't get the
like experience of like you know going
through the bar seeing your mom come
running to you like a bowl of soup it's
your mom she comes running to you and
you think it's a bowl of soup but you
look in it it's your wife's head and
then you look back up it's a spirit wolf
it's like so you thought it was smart to
snitch and not to mention huh no no it's
your soul forever yeah maybe just don't
snitch that's fucked up I mean well it's
just ridiculous that someone in a
position of real leadership right you're
the mayor of a huge city and you would
think that that would be a good idea
let's listen people are gonna snitch on
people anyway to encourage them with
financial reward is crazy it is crazy
and it's so poorly thought-out yeah
that's a dumb idea to put out there
such a poor understanding of human
nature yeah like you don't know where
this goes
yeah like in it also in a time of great
duress you're encouraging people to
snitch yeah this is absolutely the time
we've got to be encouraging camaraderie
yeah this is when things are weird
everybody's forced into the same
position no one can do what they want
most time you were onstage I haven't
been on stage in a month I've been doing
private shows for my son with literally
our job that has stopped and our job
might not come back until January yeah
that's right
may-maybe who knows who knows we don't
know I've got some gigs booked and I
don't know if I'm gonna be able to do
them I got a gig booked in September I
got to to in September yeah a couple in
October
I got October's but it's like also it's
not like you should be from like you
can't really promote the show right now
that's seeming like a blazing dick I
don't want to encourage people to go out
and it's like yeah that's the problem
man is we you know we're but here's the
thing this whatever the state is doing
the state's gonna do this is my favorite
Jesus saying offer unto Caesar what is
Caesar's which is like you know there's
a game going on here with power and if
you think you're gonna subvert that game
maybe probably not best thing to do let
the dragon do whatever the fuck the
dragons gonna do but don't let them
cause you to forget that you don't need
the state to like go over to like leave
a note on your neighbor's door asking if
they're okay right you know what I mean
you don't need we don't need the
mechanisms of some bureaucracy to do
good like to pick up trash you know like
that was the thing that happened when
the fucking national parks all got
defunded because of this bullshit all of
a sudden like there's people are taking
pictures of garbage or in the national
parks right and and the implication of
that is like we can't clean this up
ourselves we need a state official to
come and pick the trash up and it's like
it's nice that they do that and we pay
taxes for that and they should do that
but if they're not doing it and we're
waiting for some hero from the state to
come in and fix our fucking problems
that's lazy that's bad
it's like I think as a people the idea
is more to like transcend that addiction
to being saved that addiction that for
sure someone's coming sometimes they
come right but sometimes they don't and
and that's no reason to like put off
just the basic shit man like you know we
we put out and sometimes in front of our
house we'll just put out shit to give to
people you know we've got fruit trees
there's fruit you know there's like the
gardens got like some shit growing in it
I'll put it out there you know and and
people take every bit of it you come
back at the end of the day it's you know
we've got flowers
so cut some flowers and just leave
flowers out there in case it wants to
bring a flower to somebody it's an act
of trust cuz you don't know what I might
be covered in like kovat mucus doing
like but that being said I don't know
maybe they're DS sanitizing but my point
is like cool shit happens sometimes you
go out to that box and like they've
replaced something like we gave flowers
away we came out and someone to put
different kinds of flowers in the box
for those flowers you know what I mean a
stalker
yeah actually now I think about it the
flowers you know it did seem like there
was some something like sticky and
creamy on the flowers this but you know
I'm saying like again this this to me
this the not getting too much in the
macro cuz I'll go insane if I get in the
macro getting into the micro which is
your direct literally your direct
neighbors and like making some
connection with them you know like might
the guy who lives across the street we
talked for like two minutes it was
wonderful and he's like if you need
tools just let me know I got a ton of
tools just you can like you know message
me and I'll come and leave them here and
you can come and get them shit like that
that's nice it's cool and it's like it's
just beautiful it's like that's what
it's supposed to be like yeah that's
nice you're that neighbor that's it yeah
have a good neighbors is everything
everything I hate their neighbors like
man you should just move save yourself
some agony yeah well you can't sometimes
that's the problem we all need we talked
with us before we need to find a
cul-de-sac
houses there you mean the cult yes I
know what do you think a ranch would do
the trick
tough to get people to live on a ranch
no I think you're talking about I know
you're tired yeah it's not that hard
wait I you know I think the way you do
it is in phases right so like the first
thing would be just get to land right
right and then hire an architect yeah
hire an architect and then like you know
bring it up screw that thing they did in
upstate New York beautiful
have you been there personally I've been
there in there I haven't unfortunately
haven't been there since its its
completion I don't know if it's
completed but I've been there in the
early phases and yeah that for sure is a
temple like it's no joke it's not like
they're just saying it's a temple that's
a real and the way he printed those
weird faces those and multi feature
faces and use them in the corners of the
building yes what does he call it again
I can't remember I'm sorry
azam azam i thought you meant what he
called those faces he has a names name
for the faces - is that the chapel of
sacred mirrors oh it stands for but
isn't that a Kazem is was used to be
what he called the place in New York
City right he had the place of Manhattan
yeah they had this I think they still
well they still do a beautiful place in
New York actually or like a an artist
loft there I believe but like they ended
up realizing it was time to like brother
we build a temple yeah and then really
go somewhere in nature yeah they're in
like a small New York town right yeah
that's another state town yeah it's a
beautiful place in there legit religion
and Theon that's right and they're an
actual religion which they are as a
religion and by the way our religion is
one anything from you like they're not
I'm not trying to get 10% of your money
and then giving you a bunch of rules to
follow
now they want you to lurch worship love
and creativity it's a really interesting
place is that oh that's that's just an
image of what it's going to look like I
don't think it's really quite there yet
but holy shit yeah imagine coming up to
that like walking up to their front door
you know like oh my
what the hell am I looking at dude when
I was on tour they let me park my tour
bus there coz we needed a place to sleep
for the night so I had to sleep from
front of that thing in my tour bus and I
hadn't even gotten to that face but I
had crazy dreams just sleeping there
yeah it was wild man that's probably
like one of those if you build it they
will come things like you imagine how
hard you would trip inside that place do
you know I'm saying yeah no I don't
think it's I don't think it's a like you
could do DMT in a shitty apartment and
still have some crazy mind-blowing trip
but you can't tell me that coming to
this place and going through this in
Theon portal yeah this isn't gonna have
some fucking crazy
effect on the way you trip yeah oh my
god but you know that was the idea of a
temple I mean the idea is and not I'm
not just saying to trip or whatever but
the concept is like you know let's
acknowledge the fact that maybe our
ideas aren't necessarily coming from
inside our brains let's just as a
fantasy imagine that there is a divine
intelligence that as one of the many
beautiful things it pushes into this
particular realm is art and that if we
can figure out a way to purify the
connection with that thing
then we become receivers for that and by
doing that we allow that thing to begin
to exist in this world and a temple was
a place that allowed that connection to
be refined purified intention alized
and in that there's a solidification
called inspiration or art or whatever
the name is you want to give it but it's
really it's like output from a place
that maybe is that you know a flute a
few floors up from the one where it's
having a pretty wonderful party right
now and like part of what we do is like
allow it to drip into this realm which
is potentially dense earth realm we're
in the realm of matter it's dense you
know and like ideas if you look at your
ideas they're they're light they're like
there they're there they don't have a
look at least my ideas like they're
they're not like heavy their inspiration
feels like barely anything in fact it's
so barely anything think how easy it is
to miss
a good idea how easy it is to think
something cool they maybe you want to
write down for a joke and you're just
I'll write that down later and it's gone
it's light it's light and so in part of
what they're I think are all about or I
mean again that's me putting it on them
they have a wonderful description on
their website about what they're all
about but to me part of me what creation
is is taking those things allowing them
to come through you and then allowing
this realm to do what it does which is
to crystallize them in a denser form
that other people can enjoy and you know
that um that enjoyment is a you know
that's enough it doesn't have to be some
lofty ass shit it's just like people get
a little like this tiny little smell of
heaven a like a better place a lighter
place a place isn't encumbered by so
much bullshit is this particular realm
that can like completely take someone
out of a depression man that can
completely give somebody the you know
juice they need to like get back out
there and like open up themselves to the
world and not be shut down just one
little like tiny tiny minuscule reminder
of like don't worry there's this isn't
the only place there's simultaneously
amazing things happen happening which
you're part of you just don't realize it
yet and don't worry
you know McKenna he said in one of his
essays that's what he'd say on mushrooms
is he would get this message don't worry
we're coming don't worry we're coming
and you know what I mean but I think
that's what art does is it gives you
this sense of like don't worry right now
we're just building the wrong way don't
worry it's coming I know this that place
seems fucked up it's a little denser
right now we're gonna lighten it up and
then that how much of that is your own
imagination though like how much of your
own imagination stimulates your trips
mmm you know I mean we want to assume
that we're really interacting with
something right on the other side but
why why do we assume that that's
something obviously it's not static one
of the things about tryptamine
experiences is that things twist and
change and morph and shift and never
they never stay any one thing for any
length of time they're always becoming
other things and moving in and out of
things
like maybe that's just what happens over
there maybe this things are constantly
shifting and changing you know maybe
what we're doing is we're trying to
apply when we think of how we are here
in this this life we're trying to apply
those laws to whatever we experience
when we when we do that but it seems so
alien when you have those experiences it
seems so you're not gonna be able to
bring any of that back you can give
someone like little glimpses yeah and
what Alex has done the best is capture
like oh I know what he's doing
like those faces it was like almost
Egyptian looking golden faces moving in
apart from each other like you go oh
yeah I've seen something yeah something
sort oh yeah there's a trip to mean part
to that yeah but that whatever that
would it be in that dimension it would
change and become something else and
instantaneously and then become
something else and then and a lot of it
has to do with how you're thinking which
is weird it's like art is the way you
are thinking actually affecting those
things or is the way you're thinking
affecting your perception of whatever
this energy and how it manifests itself
visually well I mean this is that or
even in what you're saying there's this
assumption that your thinking is
separate from the thing right in and so
it so we have a thought and what we're
thinking to ourselves oh I just got a
good idea we don't know that if we had a
different way of quantifying time and
space we might have just seen some
ethereal mist drift through us that
produced a thing we caught a thought
that we thought must be us so you look
at a thing in that realm and it's
shifting and converting and and you
notice that that conversion seems to be
happening in relation to like how you're
feeling and you know you're in a chicken
or the egg conversation which is like
who's you know who's reflecting who here
like who which of us is like gril in
which of us isn't in our we just kind of
there am I just seeing who I actually am
but because I live in a world of
individuality and I live in a world
where
there's a separate quality to things I
see I have to see you as separate
because if I don't I can't see you you
know all I can do you know I'm seeing
myself in you which is I think what
they're what is happening in this realm
anyway it's like one more anything
you're looking at right now is some
phenomena being painted instantaneously
by your imagination with all it look
that's what the imagination is doing
it's painting colors onto the universe
of infinite phenomena that your your
brain is like doing out of habit so
that's that's that you know anything
that anyone you're around you make an
instantaneous assessment of that person
or you you begin to like realize like
wait I I got a bad vibe about that
person I bet something's off of them and
then you go into like your TV psychic
bullshit like oh yeah really oh really
is that your was that the instincts you
learned where did you learn that World
War Chris treat
yeah you don't know but I've done that
I'm by the way I'm talking about myself
I'm like yeah I just can tell if a
person is honest or it's like you can
definitely tell if a person's really
fucking weird though that's for sure you
could tell if a person's off like
they're not really connecting with you
or they are tending to connect with you
and you're like well I got a weird vibe
from this yeah meanwhile have you looked
at what he said on paper what you said
on paper would be totally normal
that's true there's sometimes there's
certain things of a violation of space
there's a weirdness to the way they look
at you occasions yeah like oh you're off
I hate that feeling man - that's a
deeper thing when no alarm bells go off
like that your hair starts standing up
mewling I fucking hate that that's scary
but you know I'm just saying sometimes
you're not right and this is like why
you need empiricism in science because
sometimes you're not right like just
because you think that's how shit is
from some instinct inside of you doesn't
mean that's how things is your bias and
and so that that's the projection that's
like the that's the part of you that
you're like you're still dealing with
some trauma for you're a kid and you're
seeing that trauma in all the things
around you and so you're like in an
argument with someone who hurt you 20
years ago when you're talking to
somebody who vaguely reminds you of that
person and if you're right we like we're
still having an argument and if you're
not aware that you're still having that
argument then you can start saying shit
like why do I always end up with the
same person yeah it's like and I always
draw this kind of person to me and it's
like well maybe you're drawing the exact
same kind of person to you or maybe
you're running the same movie on a
different screen and being like I've
seen this before
I keep seeing this movie you know it's
like that's the same movie it's like
you're seeing the same thing you're
projecting it's just it looks at like it
now it's not Tom it's Alex
or now it's not Lisa you're looking at
Samantha but you're still seeing this
thing and that that's the projection so
anyway that's the imagination and the
question is how powerful is that
projection because sometimes you start
projecting onto someone how you think
they are and if that person's weak or
insecure they'll start acting the way
you think they are now you've your
projection is sprung to life in front of
you because the person you've
essentially animated a person with your
expectation of them and then because
that person is acting the way you
thought they would act because they
don't know the fuck they are you're
making monsters with your imagination
well that's what cult leaders do right
that's how you start a sex cult Wow
same way you gotta take these people and
like put it in their head that this is
what they do you put it in their head
right yeah that's right you say you see
it yes I see it in you well in this book
I told you about this book chaos Tom
O'Neill's book on Manson and the CIA
yeah I saw your tweet about it oh my god
dude what is oh my god oh my god almost
definitely a part of these fucking
psychedelics LSD experiments that they
were doing on hippies almost definitely
experimented hit on him probably in
prison but almost definitely allowed him
to get out of when he violated his
parole let him loose let him free supply
him with acid yeah monitor him they were
they were monitoring him every step of
the way they like fed that monster they
knew that this guy
incarcerated half his life he was a
conman and they taught him how to be a
cult leader they taught him how to be a
cult leader and they probably talked him
into or taught him how to talk people
into killing people and to do so with
acid and they would dose him up and he
would make people do all kinds of shit
like it would take people like okay
you're gonna fuck her and he's gonna
fuck him and they would put they would
put together these orgies he would put
together orgies I mean he was sodomized
sounds like in front of in front of them
like horrific shocked out yeah yeah he
was a like some boy that was like 15
years old he did crazy crazy shit they
were all on acid they all committed
murder he directed them to commit murder
but all of this very connected to the
CIA's MKULTRA project all of it
yeah very connected to multiple
different in multiple different ways
connected to LSD and hippies LSD and
mind-control lxd trying to come up with
a Manchurian Candidate trying to get
someone to commit murder and not even
realize they did it also connected to
Lee Harvey Oswald because Jack Ruby was
all fucked up on that program when he
killed Lee Harvey Oswald and afterwards
went completely insane was seen by the
very same doctor that was running the
clinic where Manson used to go this guy
was a CIA doctor was a psychologist or
psychiatrist dosing people up with LSD
running studies on prisoners getting
students to run studies getting
scientists to run Chinese not even
knowing they were doing it through the
CIA Kaczynski Terry don't forget yeah
because in ski how about operation
midnight climax ran brothels in San
Francisco in a couple other places with
a dose people up with acid and watch
them fuck dare they name it that
I know midnight climax that's so dumb it
sounds like you know it sounds like that
sounds like the name of like porn in a
hotel that you go watch yes like a
secret agent that sucks everyone's dead
max whoever named that really tells you
a lot about the program but like you
know man the here's a controversial
fucking thing to say which someone
reminded me of a while ago which really
freaked me out kinda which is like back
then when like their what like right now
we know a little bit more about
some of the shit the CIA did a lot of it
because they put it on their website yes
which is so crazy to me they just put it
up on their website which is crazy and
it but back me what stuff they put up on
their website dude are you fucking
kidding like all the shit about the
remote viewing experiments they did like
it's they just I interviewed that main
guy that they had for remote viewing
we have fucking famous guy there's one
famous guy that I interviewed he's like
famous in the remote viewing world
I got an airtight the guy wrote the
movie or didn't write it but the
documentary Man of Steel shot the see
the guy talked about a kill shot or
that's the what the name for the thing
that happens when the Sun fuck's up I
didn't fuck up I mean I might have said
the Sun fucked up but for us it fucked
up does like a not a supernova but just
does a big-ass flare that like kind of
like melts whatever side of the earth I
was facing it you know that's like the
kill shot that a lot of these remote
viewers were apparently saying that they
were seeing because they were realizing
that they could actually they weren't
sort of bound by time and these visions
and they all started sharing this vision
and this thing it's really a creepy
creepy documentary out there man but
yeah that's a hundred percent on the
table like some giant solar flare some
solar incident that's 100 percent on the
table hey if we by the way I'm sorry if
we talked about this last episode if we
talked about the CIA's website yet what
about their website have you ever gone
through it no Jamie would you mind
pulling that up I've applied for a job
you apply for a job at the CIA well I
want to I was stoned it was late at
night and I'm like wait you can apply
online check it ask Molly there's a
cartoon yeah hold on back up this is ask
Molly your CIA source on the inside and
it's hashtag ask Molly Hale and Molly
Hale is like a hot agent this week's ask
Molly mail question comes from a writer
who wants to know if there's a path
forward for them at CIA since they have
done illegal drugs in the past they took
my
question that's your question now I'm
just kidding it seems like it's your
question since they have done illegal
drugs in the past let's see what Molly's
answer is let's see Molly's answer so it
says find Molly's answer what does Molly
say let me be clear on this from the
get-go having previously used illegal
drugs does not immediately disqualify
you from working at CIA if working for
CIA is your life's goal and we certainly
hope it is there could be up half of you
here with that said there's certain
there are certain restrictions you
should be aware of especially if you've
used illegal drugs within the past year
generally speaking to be eligible for
CIA employment applicants must not have
used illegal drugs within the past 12
months damn shit this is as with most
things a general rule by which to gauge
your higher ability address on the word
kids only an applicant but not only an
applicant but as the potential holder of
a security clearance it might seem a bit
archaic but consider the access to
information we're giving at CIA
employees and consequences of granting
access to the wrong person how much
access to information just read that
real quick it might seem a bit archaic
but consider the access to information
we're giving it giving CIA employees
what access are you giving them you're
in a simulator that's probably the first
thing they say if you get hired there
like it's a simulator we're just doing
like what the programmer wants it's like
I know you're gonna freak out for two
months we're gonna give you like a
protocol if haneda presents because you
can go nihilistic or absurdist when you
realize you're just a string of code
that's running but you'll get over it
and then there's an egg you ingo the
thing reads your mind it's kind of cool
show you that later
officers regularly handle classified
information which if leaked could spell
disaster for national security and
endanger the life of CIA officers is my
favorite word assets and their family
assets is one of my favorite words they
use we have an asset in Jerusalem an
asset you have an asset yes it a person
you know a guy yeah he's an asset he's
yeah ass
yeah he's uh oh I got a number like
what's an asset an asset is like docks
you had an asset you got I got stock in
Palestinians I got some Palestinians and
I've saved up yeah got some assets just
some people you connected with I connect
with them they're my assets yeah you now
you may be wondering that's all fine
Molly but I live in a state where
marijuana use was legalized under state
law so why would any of this really
apply in my case the short answer is or
would any of this really apply in my
case the short answer is yes marijuana
remains illegal under federal law in
every state
the CIA is bound by federal law which
prohibits CIA from granting security
clearances to unlawful users of
controlled substances including
marijuana state laws do not supersede
those of the federal government the
great Lord who looks over the land with
an iron fist for more information
regarding the federal government
security clearance guidelines regarding
drug use and other considerations you
can check out the what if the next line
was like hey what's up Joe that's cool
you're showing this on your podcast
simulation but I do think like in there
is they're also kind of saying like that
being said if you can set shit on fire
with your mind or something when you're
stoned come talk to us it's like you
know what I mean there are saying like
the other cool thing when you look at
him applying for a job is it says after
you apply don't tell anybody you apply
for the job well like approach you
regarding the job which is so fucking
cool you can't talk about it when you
apply with meanwhile they're absolutely
checking your phone they're checking
your I I applied and like I just leaned
into the fact that like fuck it they're
gonna look at everything I do and then
also like imagining this some point some
CIA agent might come up to me like hey
what's up man hey what's going on did
you really want to be a bookkeeper at
the Pentagon no I wanted to meet a CIA
agent dude hello
because I mean you know wouldn't you
wouldn't you like to me well I'm not no
one you know a CIA age I've had him on
the podcast multiple times Mike Baker he
does a lot of consulting for TV shows
and security stuff so yeah you you are
in it and is he working for them now no
well how would he yeah he's a former CIA
operative what does that mean
do you really think they ever stopped
talking to each other no no he does
security clearance stuff and security
studies got it has a security company
did he do so so wait so this guy did you
ask him about the Manson shit no I just
round found out about this shit really
recently Simmons told me about this guy
Tom O'Neill was his neighbor for like 20
years
he was neighbors with Greg and Greg the
the whole time he was doing this book
while Greg was friends with him right
took him 20 years to write this book
started out as an article for premier
magazine and then as you started
uncovering all these inconsistencies
with the trial he realized that there
was kind of a bullshit trial and that
the prosecuting attorney like everybody
had there was there was deals that
everybody had made to have a specific
narrative go through and Susan Atkins
one of the one of the people from the
Manson family was on trial her her
fucking defense attorney was like a
former prosecuting attorney that had
worked with Vincent Bugliosi and all
these other people before they were all
buddies and they signed him to her to
take over for her state appointed
attorney this guy took over and like
just they just they followed directions
like everybody follow directions and as
he was going deeper and deeper into this
story he realized like there was a lot
of crazy shit that was going on that
first of all Manson for sure was let out
of jail multiple times when he shouldn't
have been when he was violating parole
he was let out of jail repeatedly for
crazy shit like theft and you know and
they they were monitoring these people
they knew where they were staying they
knew the ranch the spawn ranch where
they were staying at they never did
anything right they let them they let
them go whenever they were in trouble uh
and most likely got him the fucking LSD
have you looked up the finders call yeah
was that one I mean when I seen you
brighter out I'm not even doing a good
job with this dead last subscriptions I
didn't think I was going to talk about
it but this thing blew my mind like you
got to listen to this audio book listen
to the article or just even maybe just
listen to some of the podcast and you'll
get sucked in this guy was obsessed with
this for 20 years it's all heath it
thought of that's all he did it was his
his life's work do you let do you okay
you had a CIA agent you had on he's cool
right who seems a good guy is he your
friend I like the guy
so in in you know what's so bizarre and
like I don't even say it I think it's
like because you say it then people see
you saying I see you know in the CIA but
something ripped out you know I was
bitching to Rick Doblin about on a
podcast and I was like doing this thing
I used to do I was younger which is like
trying to create a all evil all good
binary or guarding people who work like
in the CIA or people who work in even
the DEA or whatever that thing you do
when you're like when you're when you're
being lazy and your way of thinking
right in binary and in Doblin
one of the things he said to me that
I've always kept with me is he's like
yeah there's there's people like us like
all the way to the top you know there's
people who like looking drug laws right
now and two people from the CIA
listeners podcast right yeah I know I
know of that right so it's like I'm in
the eye
yes in this podcast that's what I'm
saying man is like the thing that the
thing that's somewhat annoying in the
sense that it requires nuance rather
than like a heavy-handed they're all
evil is some of the people in there are
really like 100 percent trying to keep
at least people here from getting blown
the fuck up yes and that that and like
they're not like like God like we let's
find another man and now you know
exactly but oh you know I went and got
this tour of actually JPL the place
Parsons was that man and like I think it
was BP or shell or some like oil company
I had like just generally we all look at
the oil companies and think
they're all the worst well you know
while you're driving in your car you'll
be like these fuckin oil companies but
like the they were working on some kind
of new solar panel technology was like
shell or I don't remember what fucking
company was I remember saying to the guy
like this technology if it works doesn't
this destroy the oil industry like don't
they know they're working on a
technology that's gonna make the thing
they make money selling and buying or
irrelevant and he's like oh these
companies are so big that there's
departments within departments within
departments and that's where it gets
fucking crazy about the CIA which is
like they the people in the CIA don't
know obviously all the people in the CIA
exactly that's your security clearance
and the question is how deep is that
basement go man under the CIA but here's
also the question yeah how are you gonna
find out what happens when people take
LSD without giving people LSD and
studying them ready go you're not so if
you're in 1953 okay and you're finding
out about LSD and people are taking LSD
at parties and people are taking LSD at
concerts and you start realizing the
ramifications of a society in 1974
that's all taking LSD you see this
hippie movement you're gonna run some
studies so then you're gonna give people
the ability to test people without their
knowledge you don't know how crazy that
guy is what kind of a sociopath that guy
is and he's gonna run tests on people
doubt their knowledge and give them LSD
and then there's gonna be people that
say hey you know we want to infiltrate
all these anti-war groups we want to
infiltrate the Black Panthers we want to
infiltrate these hippies yeah how can we
do that well here's how we do that we
take this guy we got him in prison for
half of his fucking life in federal
prison so far he's 32 years old yeah
let's dose this motherfucker up with LSD
let's run some Studies on him and let's
tell him that he's a cult leader and get
him to make some apocalyptic fucking
death cult that wants to kill people and
write big on the wall in their blood and
so they let Manson that they knew where
he was they knew he was getting acid
they knew that he was probably having
people kill people yeah well okay first
of all to go back man
if you really study the spread of LSD in
a popular culture it wasn't that the CIA
saw people taking LSD at parties it's
the CIA as I understand the story goes
and buys from Sandoz laboratories all of
their LSD and then begins to do tests on
college campuses where people begin to
take the LSD and then the party start so
it's I think it's more like the CIA
start at the party when it comes to LSD
or at least were majorly involved in the
initial experience people had with LSD
which was like that's when that's when
you get Tim Leary that's when you get
Richard Alpert you know Ramdas that's
they were both like hanging out at
Harvard where the same psychology
professor did this shit on Kaczynski was
and like LSD that you know that's they
were doing I don't know if they were
doing the LSD test there but these tests
were going on they were being exposed to
LSD that theoretically I don't know if
it came from the CIA or not but I don't
know like where the I think they
actually those tests were they were
ordering it from Sandoz but for sure
like who wrote One Flew Over the
Cuckoo's Nest damn it I can't believe I
can't remember that author's name yeah
Ken Kesey he did one of the CIA LSD he
was in one of the CIA LSD experiments so
like let me close and in but an also man
like back then
I don't think because we didn't get the
Manson the Kaczynski or all the awful
shrapnel weird shards of chaos that
exploded off of the crazy unethical shit
they did I don't know if there was so
much of an idea that they were evil I
could be wrong about that but they
weren't even called the CIA I think they
were called the OSS beginning yeah but
by the time they were the CIA was
running a fucking clinic in
haight-ashbury that closed down after
like 30 years of being open at 40 years
being opened closed down three months
after this book came out like well
that's a wrap yes
yeah jolly West the same guy who visited
Jack Ruby in the hospital and after he
left Jack Ruby went insane was crawling
underneath the table and thought that
Jewish children were getting lit on fire
and cut up
art in the streets and a new Holocaust
was going on immediately immediately he
has the they have no record of him
acting insane before this at all he
didn't even understand why he shot Lee
Harvey Oswald it's so fucked yeah well
they'd think that the same thing happen
with Sirhan Sirhan the guy who shot
Robert Robert Kennedy they think that he
was under the influence as well because
he had the same reaction after he shot
I'm like why am I here what happened
that they used LSD to somehow or another
get these people to commit atrocities to
kill people to murder people yeah I mean
yeah and you could what's probably you
can probably I know you can if we go on
the CA the crazy thing is you can go on
their website look at the Freedom of
Information Act archives and they have
MKULTRA shit up there right now that you
can look at that's where it gets really
weird is it's like they're like yeah
yeah but they never admit that they gave
people that was the thing about Jolley
was he never admitted that he gave
people LSD and did Studies on them never
meted it I think well he was alive at
least I mean I don't know if they're
admitting it now because of the freedom
and multi must because operation
midnight climax is that's a officially
historical record yeah yes they must be
now yeah they were when you know they
were operating this clinic Manson and
the family were going into that clinic
all the time there's a direct there's a
hundred percent direct connection
between the CIA doctors who are
providing LSD to the hippies and Manson
going to this clinic that is crazy man
that does not sound like pandemic
reading to me that's the best are you
sure they're deep I don't know man like
I'm already like weirded out by like
just bad understanding of astronomy
it's like CIA especially cuz it's like
you know I don't know it's just too much
you know that being said I'm gonna
definitely fucking read that book we'll
just listen to the podcast that's the
easiest you'll you'll get your dick wet
listen the podcast and then you're gonna
want to listen to the audiobook or read
the book but he has 60 pages of
citations and references at the end of
the book to show each thing and how he
can prove it like it's these are not
this is not he's got some speculation
that he entertained at the very end of
the book and we talked about it on the
podcast but the stuff that he knows for
sure to be true is bonkers can I ask you
a question that will Park it made into
like a YouTube clip accusing you of
being an asset of the CIA sure so okay
let's imagine this one day you get
contacted by somebody who's in the CIA
and they show you convincing data
regarding something you know whatever it
may be media or impact some other
impending danger that is like you look
at it and it's like whatever it is they
give you you you believe it and they're
like listen I Joe we know you're like we
know that you're like a wild animal and
we know that like you you don't want to
be dishonest and we understand that but
we got to figure out a way to get this
kind of information out to the world
because if we don't like it's gonna be
really bad and we're just going to
people like you and just trying to get
whatever the thing is they want you to
say a little thing an idea of how they
want you to be and the fuck they're not
offering you money they're not offering
you money they're and they're also like
saying like don't worry if you say no
did you get that job with the CIA what
excuse me I get the job did you get that
job you applied for no seems like you're
priming me what for you're you're gonna
give me a suggestion later listen I know
what you're doing man show have you ever
thought of a blue butterfly Joe yeah but
seriously what would your response be if
like someone's like look we just need
your help
listen I think Central Intelligence
Agency I think FBI I think I think the
DEA I think they're all necessary I
don't think they're unnecessary I think
that most of what they're doing is
trying to protect us I do think also
that some of those guys turning to
fucking Cowboys and try to fly coke back
from Mexico and crash CIA jets right
that's true - yeah all that shit that
happened in Mena Arkansas you know all
that shit that happened when Clinton was
governor we are very seals when they
were running coke back
fourth and dropping off and Mena
Arkansas yeah that guy was a CIA
contractor there's a lot of those guys
that were CIA look they got compromised
I think but that doesn't mean the whole
CIA is bad this isn't mean we don't need
a CIA man if you talk to people if
they're honest I don't know they're uh
let's just assume they're honest if you
talk to people that deal with trying to
infiltrate terrorist groups and deal
with tracking terrorists and deal with
trying to figure out if someone's trying
to make a dirty bomb trying to figure
out if someone's ready to blow up a mall
and they're in there they're doing this
actively every day all day that's
essential right that's essential so the
CIA Oh fucking MKULTRA they they dosed
people in whore houses that there's not
the same people okay this is a giant
organizations been around for a long
fuckin time right what you're hearing
about from jolly West and the MKULTRA
those people are dead there's an knows
they're not alive today but you know who
are is alive today Isis you know who is
alive today a lot of threats all around
the world you know who is alive today
Kim jong-un the the the leader of China
all these fucking dictators that are
there was heavily armed all over the
world there's a lot of them right you
gotta keep an eye on those motherfuckers
right if you don't think you have to
keep an eye on them you're crazy right
what will the CIA is even gonna know
humans are evil and sometimes you need
someone who's paying attention to the
evil people right yeah that's what you
need now does that mean that they're not
going to stray across the lines of what
is correct and good and fair and and and
and start spying on regular people - no
it doesn't mean that all right it means
that shit needs to be curbed
that shit's on American right but if you
think someone might be a terrorist like
you should be able to find out before
they blow up a frakkin school totally
right we all percent 100% so the
question is how good are these people at
walk in that line turns out pretty
fucking good turns out pretty fucking
good there's a bunch of shit that's
happened over time but also they've
gotten intel on all these different
terrorists and all these different
fucking terrible situations all
over the world and probably saved a lot
of people right it's not perfect but
nothing's perfect just on a fucking
thing that's perfect every whether it's
the fucking post office or police
officers or fire department or and
doctors no one's perfect right including
the CIA glutton the FBI including the
army the Navy there's gonna be problems
right but overall they're trying to
protect I would imagine
yeah I had to ask like what do you guys
here for to make sure this shit doesn't
hit the fan
we'll pay attention to the shit
attention do do some of them branch out
into coke business yes I'm sure some of
them sorry I'm sure there's someone for
the federal government that's selling
guns to a bad guy right now I'm sure I'm
sure some people are people if you got a
million people you're gonna get thirty
bad ones or whatever the fuck the number
is it's just part of life yeah yeah look
I apologize I don't believe come on man
you know I get a big bonus with the like
you know I don't yeah I wearing a wire
bro you don't have to wear a wire
anymore just carry your phone I'm
wearing a wire on a podcast I'm
monitoring you Joe imagine if like you
got like too close to the mic hmm dude
that's when I was a kid growing up that
was always wondering like Ron's at the
beach that was always like something I'd
fantasize about it's like fuck hope one
of those drug bags washes up you don't
you order like how do you those wash up
and people don't report you oh yeah
whenever I hear about someone who's like
oh my god I found a briefcase full of
cocaine like why are you thank god
that's grace like something is like
delivered unto you this bizarre thing at
the very least like you know I'm not fan
of coke myself it like makes me I hate
it in fact yeah but if you got some of
that Ozzy Osbourne from the 70s coke to
no good that shit would be CIA cane yes
well I remember when we talked about
government weed government we was good
oh yeah unlike the cheese oh yeah
government cheese is terrible but
government we do he's got that
government weed
I do man I completely forgot about that
was the thing back when we was illegal
you wanted a shit the government was
growing whoa yeah that's right
yeah well cuz for sure by the way you
know there's a there's like I guess at
the CIA there's a layer of all the sober
people who've like haven't gotten high
for a year whichever's writing that
fucking thing is definitely like
laughing is there writing it you know
they're like just laughing cuz they're
so fucking high and they alright well
this is a testament there's a way
there's a level they test but you know
there's a level where you get past that
level like listen the no drug stuff
please we want you to have a good time
this is a fun job like we know that
you're oh you can handle your shit we
just have to do that level below you
because otherwise the last thing you
need is another fucking Manson you know
what I always think about want to think
of someone infiltrating a terrorist
group right that scene in Team America
World Police where the actor has the
fucking terrible outfit on you need
actors to save the world infiltrating a
terrorist group I think of that guy yeah
well you know what this again we don't
have to worry about that that to me is a
fucking great day I don't have to worry
about that I don't have to worry about
infiltrating a terrorist group you
imagine if they just let me look so bad
and they just they just believe him any
walks right through oh my god
what's Murray's amazing this movie's
amazing folks if you've never seen Team
America world police I probably laugh
harder in this movie than any movie I've
ever seen in my life
it is so so good team I'm it what a
great name World Police and then also
after you see the movie go online and
find the sex scenes that they had to
delete so first of all these guys are
geniuses and what they figured out is
that if you just add way more than you
really want they let you have what you
want you gotta add stuff like they I
think she's shit on
chass right they pissed all over each
other they fuck like crazy so it's a
it's a plastic doll sex scene that's so
so crazy and graphic and then when you
watch it in the movie it's like a
fraction of this because they just they
just went so far they're 69 in each
other
that is ridiculous yeah
and she suck is violently sucking him
off and they just keep so they did this
so that they could have some of it in
there
I mean it's long and so crazy and then
once you think it's over then they start
pissing and shitting all over each other
- doesn't it keep going oh that's from
the actual movie oh that's how much they
live in
that's something much they left him
because they cut out they got so savage
with the sex scene that they let them
keep the most preposterous to mount in
there because it was so far past that
they just tricked him they used like
sleight of hand
dude that must have been so funny
filming that took a long time sure it
did yeah Trey Parker was saying in some
interview that he would never do that
again
like that's too bad stop-motion yeah cuz
dude Team America World Police is one of
the funniest movies of all time sure and
you could there's so much in that movie
like what they do at South Park though
you could never do with a human but you
can do it with either a doll or a
cartoon easily and it's amazing like
death that seems like you killed Kenny
you couldn't have a guy just die every
week on a sitcom people like this is
freaking me the fuck out yeah but he
doesn't even look remotely real so he
could cut his head off he could light on
fire he can blow up an explosion yeah
you can definitely get away with a lot
more in that regard for sure anyway with
everything yeah yeah it's the it's a
genius way to do comedy I don't know I
mean I like South Park is like Erie to
me and their ability to quickly animate
shit that's maintains its relevance like
it's it's insane that they're able to do
that like they've got it down to that
level of like oh shit something
in the world and we're gonna respond to
it almost instantly
not only that they do it mockingly but
accurately like they figure out how to
ride that line and I just saw seen I've
never seen before from it I'm gonna see
yeah I thought I thought it was fan made
but it's not like this is Meryl Streep
and this is Ben Affleck they made Matt
Damon and Ben Affleck really fucking
dumb in that movie right oh yeah Matt
Damon's actually very smart
yeah so rude but it doesn't matter they
could just do that yeah they could do
anything
yeah that when you have like cartoons
and puppets you can fucking do anything
dude I mean that's that but except
anything you want to do takes forever I
mean that is the problem it's like yeah
you could do anything but that anything
is like you know months of anything this
so it's like clearly easier to film shit
or just to say it or I mean the fact
that they used hands god only knows how
much money that saved them like that
decision to just do that how much time
that probably saved them who knows like
those kinds of like decisions and shows
like that are like really smart and
funny yeah but yeah animation is like I
mean it is spellbinding it is it's
eating their ass this is longer it's not
much different to be honest with you
though no but there's the shit and the
pussy so but it's not coming up on here
what would go back there is she drops a
log on his face there's perfect and then
I think she pisses on 200 he pisses on
her and then she shits in his face how
many people you didn't do that if you
look at the whole population like the
entire population like a little light
went off every time someone was shitting
on someone's head how many times that
happened I bet you could fucking light
up a small town
mostly the girls shitting on the guy's
head right would you imagine most of it
is like a girl a guy wanting a girl to
shit on his head
mostly hundred percent I mean look up if
you look here's it have you look nice is
this interesting though what I was gonna
say is it's it doesn't I don't feel bad
at all about that like I don't feel like
he's getting shit on I feel like he
wanted to get shit on and he got shit on
so I'm not mad at her at all but if a
guy was just on my thing he like shit on
women's heads but that guy's a piece of
garbage what the fuck man are you doing
that and the girls did just look they
want a thousand bucks he wants a shit on
their head they make a deal and he just
shits on people's heads I would feel
like that guy's disgusting but the girl
who shit on the guy's head obviously the
guy wanted it the guy it's easier to
think a guy wants to get his head shit
on than a girl it's on ya like I got
like if you told me hey you know that
guy that we used to be on that sitcom he
likes he pays girl to shit on his head I
be like okay that makes sense dude I
know how much it costs free market right
depends on how good you want her English
to be yeah there's some giant German
lady who comes over and there's pretty
negotiation like there's project dude
who's actually had the conversation he's
like really like 2,000 bucks like are
you kidding like I you I never pay more
than 1,200 for someone to shit on my
head maybe they like they'll give a
little extra if they let their allowed
to pick your diet I want you to only
Indian food oh gosh curry yeah I want to
smell the curry when you shit in my face
have you seen those there have you seen
those videos the fetish videos of people
who like to look at videos of people
getting stuck in mud you know about that
fetish have you heard about that oh dude
it's like I don't know can we show it
look up YouTube stuck at people or junk
in mud people are into people that get
stuck in the mud yeah it's like a fetish
like it's like and there's all these
videos of people like if you found
I mean like so the humans are stuck in
mud like walking and then someone comes
along and fucks their mouth or something
well know it for now it's just
when stuck in mud like at first you look
at it and it looks like why did that do
just throw himself in that swampy mud
and then he gets out of the mud or
they'll start just like wiggling around
in the mud and like yeah it's crazy okay
I find something but it's not it could
be an evolution of car stuck girls but
maybe not car stuck girls that are stuck
with their car like they need help and
then oh look horns
someone needs help in there in a
helpless position no that's always a
movie right the guys waiting the bushes
were done and the girl standing there
with her hood up and the guy runs out
hey give me a kiss
yeah I it's on YouTube sorry man
I thought you were looking in like porn
I don't think I've been stuck in mud
fetish videos and then there's a lot of
like car forums like what's up with all
these girls getting stuck in the mud
[Laughter]
getting stuck in the mud with their legs
no no it's like the automobile yeah like
a BMW the one I've seen is mostly
primarily dude it's like it's like Oh
guys get stuck in the mud than the other
guys oh there's no other guy it's just
like a guy like you know the La Brea Tar
Pits yes it's just that but with a white
guy with ABS oh my he's like are yelling
they're just like you know like they're
just stuck in mud Wow weird yeah yeah
people are so strange it's a it's a that
fetish is a really interesting but I
think any you know you're kind of lucky
if that's your fetish there's a lot of
mud out there man it's like that's a
hurt anybody
ya know unless you pay someone to go get
stuck in mud and like they like sink
down into quicksand or something well do
you think that the people that are they
fantasizing about themselves being stuck
in mud don't know I don't know right
it's open interpretation it could be
they're just really into watching hot
guys that get stuck someone's filming it
and they jerk off while the fucking
loser
there you go that's why I don't know if
this is one this is a hundred thirty
thousand views and it says what you long
girl get stuck in very sticky mud yeah
but you noticed like it's not like
they're trying to get how that's it her
sory honest she looks like the kind of
girl that would just give up like I
don't think she's that stuck like come
on you're not that stuck I'm fucking
stuck I can't see it's done yeah it's
done yeah how much did they pay her to
do this
fifty bucks I don't know how much they
have to pay you how much do they pay me
for my money yes if you wanted to do a
mud video if they wanted you to do a mud
video like that free just give me a good
patch of mud I was going a cute asian
girl Chinese girl gets stuck in mud with
cute sneakers oh no she's got cute
sneakers just walk right in the mud with
those cute sneakers honey those are
valuable yeah what are you doing these
are great Jamie I haven't seen any of
these they're so weird yeah it's a weird
it's a very strange fetish I don't know
if it's like maybe it's like an ASMR
thing or something maybe you know maybe
it's not even like sexual is just
something in it it's like relax dude she
took her shoes off its sexual yeah
that's true she's got her feet she's
moving around getting all squirt you're
a dirty girl you're dirty feet dirty
beating yeah oh she's getting down that
dirt just lost a sock yeah this is weird
weird man imagine this is your whole
life and you like you go on the forums
yeah guys have me a new squishy feet in
the mud videos yeah that'd be really
weird show so Jamie let's pull up
something about the news mmm I mean
again why here's a real question here's
where cousin why is that so strange but
like someone who collects stamps that's
normal right some guy who loves oh this
is your auntie dress up like a Nazi he
goes all the way to his fucking head
still smoking - he's like quicksand is
in quicksand so this is a whole playlist
of mess mud and quicksand you remember
when people were terrified of quicksand
and then it stopped being a thing
now this there's a whole Radiolab
podcast about that it's really
interesting because you hear the
podcasts go oh yeah I remember like
people were scared of quicksand and then
all of a sudden it went away I forget
what their reasoning is well when we
were kids that was like one of the ways
you could die is a quick sanding
sometimes you it's like if you're out in
the woods and there was a suspicious
patch
you might even poke it with a stick
because it's like fuck that's that was a
whole trope in like old movies yeah you
know like Tarzan stuck in the quicksand
or you're in the quicksand and you
someone throws a vine that you pull
yourself passing like 80 different
movies what are you supposed to do if
you were really in quicksand supposed to
treat it like it's water and swim right
I've tips videos on it Jamie says no go
Jamie you a quicksand
no there's videos on quicksand the best
thing to do is is if your phone isn't
fucked up set it up to take a video and
then send that video to I love mud boys
at gmail.com it's my private email I
will come to you hey trust me it seems
like I won't get to you
I think you fall back you have a service
in your services you get people out of
the mud and you give them 1,200 bucks
but you got a jerk off on their face
while they're trying to get out of the
mud yeah you go out there with like big
mud shoes like snowshoes but only for
mud then you come out there and fucking
whack one off in there okay all right
we're good deals a deal harness them up
to a rope I'm gonna hit you hitch it to
your winch and drag him out of the swamp
think of the bad luck give him money
though give me 1,200 bucks here's 1,200
bucks thank you but to me that's like
the foot that would be great scene is
like somebody does get stuck in
quicksand
and someone like they see boots and
they're like thank God thank God
and it is like a mud fetishist he's like
you know I can all get to you don't
worry I'm gonna save you but just you
know enjoy it first exactly about this
what if the the fucking the the real mud
fetishes they set up traps so they made
their own mud holes they dug them real
deep and you some real silk
very fine sort of sand yeah so if you
get in there you slide right in like
it's quicksand
they have traps they have traps and they
get like a little camera trap sends a
text to their phone so that we got one
and then they they start chewing on
viagra and start getting their dick hard
and then they run dude
are like yes spider you follow something
it's nice but you kind of fall in love
with him you know and then you start
dating them and then like but then then
you know like all of a sudden you
realize like everyone they've dated
they've saved from quicksand and they're
doing a purpose you going to you looking
for something like does he have a
flashlight lets you fight some go
through stuff here look for a flashlight
you find schematics for how to build the
perfect sand pit you motherfucker you
tricked me this shows the water where
the water is coming in to make the
quicksand
you know like need this amount of water
to capture 200-pound man wait that's
what he likes he look once again like
big burly like fireman type dudes a
jerk-off on their hair that's really
yeah trapped
he knows maybe like he knows calls for
specific types of people like he knows
what'll draw a man that's quit dude um
have you ever done one of those like
you've ever gone to spa and in there
like anyone fucking I'm gonna do like
I'm gonna get a massage but you think
you've seen their catalogue they've got
a mud dip you can go into that somehow
healthy for you like you know what I
mean like it's a consider like a healthy
thing you laying it up to your head it's
like you don't talking about man like
it's like yeah so much money you ever
done one of those no I have not they're
fucking awesome dude
I went in there and like we um you know
I was with a robotic girl it was my
girlfriend the spa and it look they made
it look all romantic and shit it's like
a couple's mud dip and like you know
there's like flowers and between them
and stuff and you see it in the picture
and it looks somehow relaxing your brain
party is like how could that how's that
gonna feel good like it's like just
sitting in my but it looks kind
cool and you know your I love getting
stoned and getting massages like it
might be fun in your heart just being
mud we got in these fucking things
they're like next to each other and like
dude like they don't number one they
don't somehow they make it whoever's
doing this shake is made try it like see
if you could make up thank you this is a
kind of normal thing for a couple to do
and then also you realize they don't
change the mud I'm pretty sure they
don't refill them like dirt yeah yeah
it's dirt yeah oh my god yeah yeah so
the culture that came out of some dudes
balls is all like mingling with your
cultures and that's like breeding in the
mud yeah exactly Judah not only that but
like it the ones that we were in I don't
know if they heated it wrong or whatever
but any time my ass touched like close
to the bottom it was burning my ass so
it's like the heater of the Box the
heater in the bottom was like burning my
ass so I was having to do like this I
don't know what you call like arch my
back like my hips yeah I was like doing
dips in the mud and then it's fucking
hot as fuck so like my heart like starts
racing also I'm like my ass is like
getting incinerated by this thing and
like my god we went to a janky place I
sank II mud but we're not gonna argue
name of the place jakey's mud bath place
janky come from I go
Genki like a shitty vertical on key
version that one might be racist gonna
be careful that mom might be one of them
secret racist words you didn't know his
racist I've been sayin Genki and they're
like well let me bring you back to him
the genocide of the egg whomp people and
Jesus I wouldn't I wouldn't be surprised
what is the etymology of janky no idea
that's why yeah are you sure you don't
know Jim I definitely don't know I'm a
hundred percent innocent what do we got
he just dies I just want to make sure
that I'm not stepping over any
boundaries by using Genki because I want
to be good Ally
there's probably it's probably not
connected anything just sounds like a
word it sounds like a bad word yet I
think it was close to junkie that does
offend me but I don't like the term Joan
jenkees good janki's like like you got a
car with a fucked-up brake you know it's
this fucking Jackie brake job although I
did James African American slang for the
nineties there that makes sense that
makes sense earlier citations in 90s
yeah yeah so um who wrote that who wrote
the article I'm looking at is like I
mean I like now that I know them it just
weird someone like we hear a thing like
that like all right that must be true
first book they found it in first this
person wrote the articles to the rest
the longest were written by Jonathan
Waldman hmm by the way I'm very much
kidding if you wasn't clear I don't
really think I made that word up it's
just joking it's amazing how attuned you
get to like comments that you ain't like
your brain is like your and I just don't
want anybody to really I was thinking
that like that could be misinterpreted
that's my word I created it what's
another great word that they don't use
anymore that I started using recently Oh
fresh I started using fresh lately like
that looks fresh oh I say like yeah I
don't say with the normal voice it
sounds like that looks fresh no you
don't yes I do when things look good
fresh fresh things looking fresh oh you
get like a yeah I hear it in the back it
gets like looks like bran oh they're
fresh it's a good word it's a good word
we need more beautiful adjectives for
cool shit
so I started bringing back fresh hey
what's you what like what's your like
policy when like about cursing around
your kids like you know gave up I'll
give up you did yeah I told him just
don't swear don't swear around other
people there was too many times they
caught me on the phone right my nine
Yodle especially she's the one who's
always correcting me hey what's your
potty language she says that yeah yes
she's hilarious it's nice to correct me
I try not to say it as much as I would
say with you but every now and then I'll
let a fuck word fly or a shit word fly
but it has to make sense dude the
funniest story would I realize I say too
much as when my daughter was three we
were we had gone skiing together and we
were all packing up our stuff and her
helmet did not go in her bed it wasn't
in her bag and I'm like all right
everybody packed up and I'm like hey
your helmet and your bag and she looks
at the helmet looks the bag she just
goes shit see you know little me and my
wife were just like oh no did it three
sheeny but that's the right word to use
shit what are we doing like we we aren't
even in that world what you and I are
not even in that world like the world of
you can't say words alright you can't
say that word at work we don't even live
in that world
yeah and yet we're raising our kids for
that world that seems to be to be a
little crazy and I understand like look
if I worked in an office somewhere or if
I had to deal with people professionally
I wouldn't be dropping f-bombs all day
you can't people get upset they don't
like it they want you to behave like a
business person they'll turn you into
human resources if you have a funny joke
about Puerto Ricans you can't you can't
there's no jokes there's no laughter you
can't you know so when you're telling
your kids not to say certain words
around other people you're telling them
that because you want them to be polite
you don't want people to feel
uncomfortable but you should never have
them think there's something wrong with
those fucking were right those words are
important no I can't really explain it
to them because I can't really say it
the way I want to say it it would just
be too sensitive like I couldn't say I
can't say sometimes when someone's
telling you something that you know
isn't true and they're telling you you
want to be able to look it in the eye
and go hey that guy's a fucking idiot
mmm I can't say that to a nine-year-old
right it's just too intense right it's
too intense right like if you say this
person is an idiot that's one thing but
if you say this person is a fucking
idiot
yeah that's a
different thing it's another level of
thing and you need to know what's what
especially when the shit goes down you
need to know who's just a dummy and
who's a fucking idiot
right some guys just make mistakes or
they think they know better or they do
something stupid and it puts everybody
at risk yeah but they're not doing it on
purpose
and there's some people that think they
want to run the whole show those people
are fucking idiots where are certain
people that steal from you they'll break
in your house when they know you're not
home yeah those people are fucking it
right I know right yeah there's a
different level and if we don't use the
right words so what are we doing gonna
limit a kid's ability to express
themselves right the words aren't
changing they're not changing you
they're not change it's just another
tool for expression and swear words like
really swear words you're gonna stop
using swear words you're gonna make
people upset about swear words get the
fuck out of here
it's a ridiculous yeah no no I know man
I just like I get it that's like kind of
my wife I have decided that and like
some of my friends are parents of
offices I just teach them not to say
those words he's going to be nice to
wait or win the write down and say those
words is it's just like listening to
like I don't know like this morning I
put on for no reason like ten crack
commandments and like I'm like then like
my son was in the other room and like he
comes walking in like he's just learning
to dance and then I pick him up he's
laughing or dancing and I'm like oh fuck
we're dancing to the ten crack
commandments right now he doesn't know
what what's being said but you know what
I mean it's like fuck I don't know if I
even even though even that even though
he doesn't even the fact he probably
hopefully doesn't understand at least
hopefully does it I still like I don't
know that it's like you're saying it's
too much the Energy's too intense it's
yeah it's very aggressive yeah yeah
there's certain there's you know you
don't you want to shelter them a little
bit from the the most dark shell you
don't want to show your kid some murder
movie like the opening scene of Saving
Private Ryan when they're four you know
once they sit down this is what happens
when people go to war this is the
closest that we have that represents
what war is like right
people's guts hanging out legs blown off
yeah I'm not gonna show that to a
forever alright
me neither that's what it seems like if
I act like I act with my friends around
little kids so I I i pull it in a lot a
lot but occasionally I'll say a shit
share or something but I don't I just
try to there's there's words that I
don't want to lose my god and I don't
the only reason why I think a lot of
like these swear words like the F word
of the shit word or whatever if you're
at work and you can't say those like why
not like what is that what kind of job
is that like what are we we're we're all
the grown-ups now and when we were
children
we thought that there was a system that
was put in place by enlightened beings
and these enlightened beings knew adults
they knew better we resisted but we
thought they eventually were correct yes
and then you get to be a certain age
like oh that's nonsense there's no
adults there's just people that got
older all right there's just people so
as people the that you have to limit
your language the only thing that's good
is when someone who you don't expect to
says get the fuck out of here when they
say it's even better yeah right yes a
woman that you think would be like like
very reserved very professional and
she's like that chicks a cunt yeah I
love that when you realize someone you
thought was a square is not only not a
square but like a million times more out
there than you are but they're like the
trap yes or there can get camo they just
have like figured out a way to like not
reveal to you or to the world that
because they like understood it it's a
little easier if people don't realize
that unless you around cool people those
are the best moments when that window
opens up and and you realize oh fuck man
I'm such a dope I had you completely
pegged as something that you're not at
all and those are really like whoa fuck
what's that calm it's not real marijuana
cough I know man I hate I'm a
hypochondriac Joe with allergies
everybody is know I have allergies I
have seasonal allergies and you know any
time before this was happening any
time I would get sick I'd be like well
this might be the end and now like all
of us who are like that we're like it's
really intense man cuz like any
demonstration
you know I my birthday was the other day
we got like you know they deliver booze
in LA now like they'll deliver mixed
drinks to you now they'll probably
deliver bullets well your bullets
brought to your door now hopefully not
too fast
[Laughter]
but yeah anyway man like like I always
just hungover you know but there were
there was a moment where I'm like this
hangover am i there is this like what's
this headache and you know what's going
on stuff to me that's the part of this
thing is you know I don't haven't seen
it get acknowledged that much it's like
just the psychological pressure of
what's going on like the way it's got to
be like you know just psychologically
like think of all the people you and I
know who are already teetering at the
very edge of sanity and like imagine
them alone an apartment for a month with
like the news telling them we don't know
when you can let you out like whoa how
many people are like really losing their
shit and like I'm not losing my shit but
at least a couple of times a day I'll
have a real claustrophobic moment like I
can't explain it it's like a I don't
know if it's a panic attack it's not
it's just like this sense of like oh
this fucking sucks I don't want to drive
by Trader Joe's and see people wearing
face masks with six feet in between each
of them and the fucking weirdness of it
all people are driving weird right now
and it's just like what the fuck you go
driving yeah real aggressive yeah man
that that that that you know I don't
people I don't think are acknowledging
the fact that and they need to that if
you're feeling if you're feeling a
little off right now that's normal like
you probably should acknowledge that you
know or at least like otherwise people
are gonna start thinking they're really
going nuts when it's like no you just
have some kind of like probably a new
mental illness will be they'll probably
a new name for a covert related mental
illness you know like pandemic
associated claustrophobia
Jerome or some Schilling right you know
some white thing that is a new thing
because we've never had to do this but
of course a hundred percent yeah I mean
do you know how many people are gonna
get sued for this do you know I mean how
many people gonna sue the government for
the closed-down so you know many people
are gonna go crazy and yeah how many
businesses are gonna be lost I mean
lives are turned upside down
know how many people fuck man divorce is
oh my god so many yeah dude so many you
know people forcing these high pressure
situations they didn't anticipate and
then some people falling apart people
with drug problems they accelerate
because they need to relieve anxiety
from all this yeah man and we're in just
a beginning it man I mean just begin
we're we're still three weeks away from
at least here with this state is gonna
open up right 19th yeah but what do you
think it's gonna happen in Georgia do
you think when they when they open
Georgia back up you're gonna get like
another another series of people that
have it do you think it's gonna be what
do you think if you had a guess man
that's surprise I have no debt all the
data sources earth so some of them are
so very different it seems like yeah
that it's like you know you you have
people who've won Nobel prizes you know
saying what they think it is and you
have other people or doctors saying what
they think it is and those things don't
quite match to the point where it comes
down to it's not like what I think is
gonna happen it's what I hope is gonna
happen which is like that it just not
only that it the curve keeps flattening
maybe not necessarily because I just
maybe because the vote it's mutating
maybe because herd immunity maybe
because you know I don't know who
believe you turn on Fox News you see one
story you turn on CNN you see the other
story you go on the internet it's a
fucking meteor that's gonna hit you go
you know you it depends on who you're
talking to you and fg5 gee you know a
variety of things up a low level bio
weapon that's being combined with a
horrific like powerful psyops operation
who the fuck knows Joe we don't know so
it's like the that to me is the the real
unnerving quality of this outside of
worrying like if you go outside like
every time you cough I'm like
motherfucker should have worn my mask
I'm doomed when my wife sees it she's
gonna fucking kill my ass but like that
you know just that those moments they
would normally just go completely
unnoticed I like though those to me that
new reality
yeah and brother that that is like
that's another form of virus it's your
fear right and it's it's paranoia and
it's like it's a it's a meme that
spreads so it changes your outlook
changes the way you interact with life
yeah it changes your outlook and it
changes it changes the actual course of
your life like you'll you'll be
operating with fear and operating with
anxiety and everyone's thrust into that
without anything bad that they've done
that for no fault of their own their
thrust into the situation where even
though they've worked really hard
they've been really disciplined they've
done the right thing they've been
conservative they take care of their
health all the all the all the checks
everything but still all sudden work
goes away yeah for everybody yeah nobody
did anything wrong so everybody's thrust
into this situation it's really the
ultimate halves in half knots moment you
know and it's for what's really
interesting it's like right when Bernie
Sanders just stepped out of the race
like this is the example of why we need
some sort of comprehensive plan for
everybody if everything goes wrong yeah
man this is right right here idea the
capitalism moves the world yes does it
seems to motivate most of what we do but
the idea that there's there's not more
that we can do for the people of the
community of the United States of
America as a community right is that
health care and education and stop
people from being robbed like stop stop
some predatory lending stop all these
things that you can clearly see people
are just getting fucked over from yeah
spend more money on health care like we
need that now yeah we went through a
nice sweet spot where there was no real
problems other than occasional little
blips of bad flus and bad disease and we
squashed them real quick this is a big
one that hit the whole way this is only
you know as far as like terrible
pandemics the the amount of people that
it kills
/ people that get it is not as high as
it is for some of the more horrendous
diseases we got lucky we should prepare
for the worst we should prepare for
airborne Ebola okay we should prepare
for all that shit we should think about
it the way we think about arms races
yeah how much money they put it into the
military and how much money they put
into the the war against viruses well
the war against viruses just killed
50,000 people at home imagine if China
just had just launched missiles into
American cities and killed 50,000 people
it would be at fucking war all of our
resources would be dedicated to that
right right why aren't all of our
resources being dedicated to fighting
off fucking diseases great questions
this is a real wake up call for that
it's also a wake-up call for power grid
people people that are worried about the
power grid go down it's a wake-up call
for people that haven't had food
stockpiles in their house wake up call
for people that are living extended you
know like they've really extended their
reach as far as the how much the rent is
and how much their car payment is and
they're really stretching it well boom
something like this happens and you're
four you're never gonna play catch-up
we're barely keeping up with your
lifestyle before all this went down yeah
and again through no fault of your own
so you got to kind of prepare now people
are gonna have to look at this like okay
now we know something can happen that we
never thought could happen before in the
whole world shuts down yeah now we know
that's it
but we should we should act accordingly
in like how we run things now we know
well that's the silver lining I mean
like that's a silver line it's like when
you have a thing happen that you realize
like you know whatever like went in your
car you get lucky and you notice that
the tire is like super flat and you felt
you fill it up you just didn't notice or
whatever you see a thing and it saves
you from a later fucking thing that
could have been a million times worse
but you know man the wake-up call to me
is like it's no joke that you need to at
least be on like some terms with your
neighbors and it's no joke that you need
to understand how to do like how to grow
food out of the ground and some like
basic first-aid and stuff like that and
also to always have gas in your car man
like you know we
the other day we went to get groceries
and like fucking the you know left a
credit card at the house right and like
the but the car was kind of low on fuel
cuz I hadn't gassed it up like I should
have right and the combination of
suddenly not being able to put gas in
the car and these two dumb mistakes it
wasn't just a normal shitty day where
your car runs out of gas now it's your
cars run out of gas
during a pandemic meaning you gotta call
somebody to come and get put gas in your
car or walk somewhere to get gas that's
a whole different walk than before and
that's asking someone to come and help
you it's kind of like asking them hey
would you mind like taking a chance I
mean I know you're wearing a mask and
everything but you know what I mean so
suddenly fuck-ups in this kind of
environment they mean a lot more than
fuck-ups in like the previous world that
we were in and that's teaching me a real
kind of responsibility you know like
having some cash on hand like stuff like
that like yeah what we you know we
should always be doing that and to me
that is one of the you know and I hate
using ever is using the term silver
lining right now and it's like anytime
you say it's like yeah it's a silver
lining I like people who drowned in
their own fucking mucus it's not the you
know it's you know fucked up but I guess
one of the silver linings in it is just
that the fact that it's like look man
Trump just was talking about maybe we
should inject ourselves with Lysol okay
go crazy that video have you seen the
one when they focus on the lady who's
the science advisor and she's sitting
there listening to him say all this shit
yeah yeah I've seen Paris tweeted it and
it's he said when you look into the
abyss the abyss looks into you you know
and but also in that look you know I saw
I saw her thinking like listen
motherfuckers who's in line you want to
have do you want this job I'm doing what
I can to steer this crazy ship as best
as I fucking can and there's not much I
could do but it's like you know you see
somebody seriously say to an entire
planet
it might be a good idea to inject Lysol
into your box hear it let's hear let me
hear you start for the beginning I think
you gotta actually double click on it
and on my computer I had to to get the
sound out of it
nothing no here's that was Duncan that
with me it's all did anyway bottom line
is he's saying wacky shit and the focus
is on this lady and as she's watching
him she's like I can't even fucking
believe I have to handle this yeah
and she goes dude that's it but to me I
could get to disinfectant into their
body that's maybe possible we could get
up to drink myself right powerful I can
use light yeah till it's from outside or
inside I don't know how you do it there
you go
because you see a thing like that and
it's like okay lean into that like
that's gonna like lean into that is the
thing that you can count on that's a
thing saying inject lie so that's the
kind of thing where like your craziest
friend if they said that to you you
would be considering like calling their
their friends or their mom to be like
hey Jackie's having like a hardcore
manic episode he's talking about
injecting Lysol into himself you better
do something that's the fucking
president and to me what that tells me
is like motherfucker you need gas in
your car you need to make sure your
phone is juiced up you know what I mean
you need to make sure that you are like
you really you got to be ready because
if we like think we're gonna lean into
something like imaginary hammock made of
like people who are saying that we
should inject ourselves Lysol then we're
may then that's our fault
that's your because you know it's like
let's imagine let's say you went and you
I don't know you went into the forest
and you got attacked by a tiger but
right before you and in the tiger you
into the forest you said to somebody hey
do you think I should go in that force
there are Tigers there and they're like
no and then they start shooting up with
Lysol you know what I mean if you go in
that forest and the tag tiger gets you
that's your fault you fucking listen to
a dude who thought you could shoot
why so you know what I mean that's your
[Laughter]
what was he thinking while he was saying
that he's probably like there's got to
be an intelligent way to get out of this
fucking subject that I've already
started and I've already like coming up
with perhaps for instance maybe you
could uh maybe you could we hit the body
with a tremendous whether it's
ultraviolet or just very powerful light
and I think you powerful light that has
a magic that you're gonna test it and
then I said suppose inside the body you
can which you can do either through the
skin or in some other way and I think
you said you're gonna test that too
sounds interesting
right and then I see the disinfectant
weird knocks it out in a minute one
minute
and is there way we can do something
like that by injection inside or almost
a cleaning because you see it can we
take your lungs out put your lungs
through a car wash like what yeah what a
crazy thing to say I mean cleaning
cleaning give him a cleaning yeah
imagine like being his doctor and you
have to listen to him say this like so
why don't you do like the disinfectant
you know inside it's like you're
cleaning you dip my liver and bleach can
you take my liver wave it yeah you know
so to me you see that and it's like okay
well I'm not quite certain that that is
where I'm gonna get my data stream from
because that's a Lysol person and then
but then we but then there must be like
a thing we can do regardless of the fact
that clearly bro you wouldn't even talk
like that on a podcast do I've never say
that no man about imagine imagine you
have zero expertise in a certain subject
you're talking to someone who's like
some expert yeah in this said subject
and you're proposing these outlandish
like you're on a podium you don't even
having up a private conversation yeah in
front everybody you're somewhere another
having a side conversation we are
proposing these ridiculous ideas that
show that you don't yeah how
disinfectant works like why is that even
conversation even taking place also the
other thing is cuz he did ask the
question that is a time for someone on
that side of the room to go no look at
that do that because I knows if she
interrupts him and goes what you can't
do that you can't inject this inflection
he'll probably be upset and she wants to
do the best work that she can do and
this is just some nonsense just to
handle along the way Wow yeah yeah it's
just a bad path you look first of all I
mean look the guy works some ungodly
amount of hours in a day right he's
gonna do some dumb shit like in and he
wings it a lot right he probably was
stuck on that conversation of things
that might be able to be done and maybe
you could do a strong ultraviolet light
like in the skin then also he's like oh
my god I'm I'm laying out possible ways
that you could cure this there I better
keep going I better have more than one
yeah and there's like disinfectant
that's right disinfect disinfectant
maybe inside or outside they have a way
of doing that yeah and then they say and
then he goes to her like he's looking
for support like I think you said maybe
I think you said maybe you looking at
that yeah man it definitely has that
sense of like when you had to give a
report at school well who were the
Assyrian rebels well they were from
Assyria yeah yes it is
her there were tremendous rebels they
were fighters they fought and they
fought long and hard in Syria in areas
around Syria and some people in areas
around Syria referred to them as rebels
and said they were some of the most
intense rebels in the region as Syria
it's a different place you're Duncan you
wrote a report about the wrong place
no Syrian I was saying that you heard me
wrong oh yeah you just heard me wrong
dad I can't give you an A yeah man
there's like how many times did you
bullshit your way through like those
things in high school a lot of the times
man I mean I got like I think it was the
Red Badge of Courage which even now I
can't remember what if it's I think it's
about the Revolutionary War and I that
no I didn't read it all clearly I didn't
read it cuz I still can't remember which
war it was about but I remember just
having not read the book at all having
to write a report on it or I think I
said it in Vietnam or something like her
and maybe was a civil war and that she
was just like that's not even the war
that it was that happened that you know
I completely failed like one of those
one of those FS where the teachers met
angry carve about cliff notes when I was
in high school I couldn't believe it
like this is a gift from God
cliff notes you just gotta buy it on
your own you gotta buy the book but yes
it's a way well you can read it in an
hour that's right but it's still sucked
you had to pay money for a cliff I mean
yeah but I thought it was cheating I was
like the cheating though they're giving
you away to like you this is not how so
you can learn better to see it pass the
test right that's this is so you give me
like oh yeah and then Mike you said to
her get off my fucking porch yeah let's
page 30 that's yeah there's a little
gray or a few years ago where kids could
just copy and paste other people's
reports for from years past because they
were all digital and teachers didn't
know this was the thing they could check
they know I'm checking tools to find out
plagiarism and whatnot but so many kids
probably for a few years just did
literally nothing I'm sure I'm sure
you get out of school and you graduated
high school you can't read like what you
can't read them
I didn't bad engine I can't just play
video games I mean like a little bit of
video games yeah I just made my way
through well I mean you know there's
like that's one of the isn't that no the
people who went to recently went to jail
for like bribe for getting their kids
into college oh yeah yeah it's kind of a
version of that except with your kids
right you're like you're like just the
kids aren't aren't supposed to be in
college because they haven't done any
work in a high school and they don't
know what they're doing but if you pay
enough money you get them in there hmm
it's like and also aren't they doing
some thing where they get people to go
and take SATs for your kid like you
figure out a way to like it's an
identity theft thing or you can even get
someone to go and like do the test as
your kid using fake ID and shit so it's
like it you send in an operative that
isn't your kid to take the test so you
can get into a nice school mmm that
whole thing was so crazy did they spend
so much money to get kids in school but
didn't want to be good students yeah
that's right almost like you think you
could buy by a kid's way too
enthusiastic focus that well there you
go I mean there's the whole problem is
it's not this was this is from the
district attorney's office in
Massachusetts one of the photos that was
used to show this girl's a rowing mm-hmm
high school rowing career that she got a
scholarship on that's a workout machine
oh wow I was supposed to be like yeah
look at her inner varsity oh fuck man
what there was no photos of her actually
rowing out on a boat that's part of the
thing I could having people take tests
they went in staged photos to to be like
look it's all allegedly according to the
court he imagined how mad real rowers
would be at you if they found out you
got a scholarship based on a fucking
rowing machine photo wait and what is so
mad was it for scholarships or was it
just keep trying to get them in to get
any I don't think they got scholarships
no like they were but to be on the
rowing team you know or whatever it's
called
I forget is it like good for your GPA or
some shit
it's a way to get in
Oh way to get in yeah oh right so that
end the bride's for curricular activity
kind of steal your record so they just
they fudged that and then bribed the
rest of it do you think the kids knew
yeah yeah you could you know when your
parents like hey we just bought this
rowing machine why just don't worry
about it we're just gonna take a picture
you're in a rowing machine
like sure you know you're getting a
picture taken to you
to try to get you into this school that
your dad went to or whatever you're
complicit to some degree like yeah you
have to be yeah yeah a little bit
go to that picture she doesn't even
shouldn't he broke a sweat has a face
covered enough so you can't see but I
want to see close in on that she doesn't
look sweaty to me cruiser I think she
looks like she's barely started
exercising yeah come on son I don't see
no sweat that's a better one cuz look
stop go up look at that that's a gray
sweat a gray t-shirt great t-shirts look
sweaty instantly yeah instantly this is
hilarious just probably pulled it back a
couple times am I done yet
[Laughter]
yeah dude don't you to love me will get
me in a fucking UFC all my friends are
going dude that thing that's really
fucked up is like there's some kid whose
parents like like or making 20k a year
who's working his fucking ass off you
know like just like somehow managing to
like study non-stop to try to get into a
good school it doesn't get into the
school because of that shit that's the
that's the satanic part is like they buy
their way in that's someone's place they
have a limited number of places meaning
like theoretically someone doesn't get
into the school who could be the person
who is going to you know invent
teleportation or some shit isn't it
weird what schools are you have your
first choice second choice yeah Billy
got his third choice fuck yeah fuck
Billy's going on where's he going
South Dakota What's in South Dakota yeah
flat ground
did I get it though I mean I get wanting
to get enough some Ivy League I get a
little monatti school I think that'd be
cool cuz usually if you're in if you're
in the Illuminati and your kids a dope
like I don't swear that much around my
kids my kids don't know how I talk
around my friends what if that's how it
is with like Illuminati to like these
kids don't even know their parents were
the Illuminati yeah you know you're like
look I'm trying to get you to be you
know better position in life but I was
working all the time I wasn't around I
didn't push you hard enough oh sure they
got you into Yale they fucking know
you're in it and they're just like
you're like did you get into my fucking
adrenochrome again they're like breaking
into your vaults you know taking your
fucking like goblets of blood and
drinking it parties don't drink anymore
in my blood you have to stop this you
know like join them in the Skull and
Bones don't they bring their kids to
Skull and Bones I don't think they do I
think they once they're there in their
son turns 30 I say son I'm gonna show
you something they take them take them
to the Skull and Bones don't bring em in
now you if you go to school there you
get into it right that's how you guys
think that's how you get in the school
that's tough right legacy is that I get
in or is that how you get in skull and
bones like I would not I don't think the
whole school gets to be skull nose but
that's yeah that's how you get accepted
this when I met that's how you get into
this school isn't that funny like if
you're in a place like Yale which is
very exclusive and very prestigious
already some creeps like that's not
enough I want to get in the secret cult
dick-sucking Society what do they do
they don't suck dicks do they we know
why wasn't there a rumor that they make
each other blow each other on take
photos of it so that they they have
something over them that was what's one
of the crazy online conspiracy theories
right yeah they they make every guy suck
a dick and they take Polaroids of it so
they always have it they hold over you I
think that's just returning stuff but
yeah is that normal for eternity
studying birds talked about that right
thing whatever for it yeah they would
jerk off on a biscuit right yeah that's
the circle jerk thing and the last guy
to come had to eat the biscuit no one's
really doing except for the one idiot
yeah one guy can't come let's go yeah I
sucked a bunch of my friends dicks whose
fucking cares are we in a time now where
like like a picture of me emerges
sucking all my friends dicks I think
there's more to say I think they pegged
you or something they take pictures I'm
wearing a strap-on so you got pegged you
know why but you know they want to rise
through the branch Raytheon and get to
the top
everyone at Raytheon gets pegged like
well you know that's just like fucking
oh yeah we all get pegged now what so
what we're inventing bombs now you like
who cares of course we get pegged yeah
but the guys wearing a goat costume so
what I like to wear a go costing when I
get pegged I like too much kinky shit
it's like god dammit I hope we get to a
time where like they take pictures of
someone doing a fucking thing that's
legit fucked up so that you know and
they get banished for it it's like I'm
god forbid like I can't even imagine the
Polaroids that could emerge of weird
shit I've done you know I've thought
you'd only imagine you can't imagine
I can't but that being said it's like
yeah I wonder what what I think what the
initiation I get it like it is it let's
face it you're not going to have a
reason to be a part of a little tiny
group that's a part of an exclusive
group right you got the exclusive group
that's Yale and then you get the little
skull home bones we all go together
all brothers in in the room you know
they probably have like secret words
they have to say in Latin and shit yeah
I mean we that's the thing that I
imagine based on the way I have come to
understand things whatever it is is way
more boring than we imagined because you
know what I mean like when you don't
know what a thing is you always reject
the worst thing on it my guess is it's
boring as fuck
it's probably just some college bullshit
where people are in a frat sit around
and like make dumb jokes and do stupid
shit and it's nothing they're probably a
peg you they probably just took a
Polaroid of your asshole got it look mmm
we got your mouth shut yeah well it's
your sauce fingerprint
asshole told a lot about you eyes you
know and you see their soul it's the
windows to the soul what if the asshole
is like you really know whether you like
someone just by looking at their asshole
thing about the asshole tells you things
books come out decoding your asshole
you know if people read hands they read
fingerprints yeah can't they read
assholes I bet assholes tell you a lot
just like someone's eyebrows do
someone's got like mean eyebrows like
whoa that guy looks aggressive I don't
but guys got big thick bushy eyebrows
and he's not mean I get it suspicious
he's all friendly well there's big crazy
fucking eyebrows but all the villains
have big crazy eyebrows they're all
angry it was crazy eyebrows yeah yeah
it's just like mad for one here's
probably for sure we don't know that you
can't tell a person's future from their
asshole yeah cuz no one's thought of it
that could be the new thing that people
pick up as a business during this
pandemic yeah asshole reading yeah or
what if it's like a what if it's like it
there's an app let's get to our asshole
plot to do a QR code all this time we've
been looking for alien signals from
space we didn't know it was in our ass
holes
yeah it was all the photos of our
assholes if you put him together on a
grid it gives us the diagram of how to
build a spaceship to get out of here all
the photos it's like a giant jigsaw
puzzle with eight billion pieces you
take eight billion assholes and you put
them on a grid and you'll see the
schematics behold it'll tell us exactly
when the the sun's gonna supernova about
50 years maybe what if that's what the
quantum computer the first thing it says
is I need pictures of all the assholes
on the planet like if you vote you have
to show a photo your asshole before you
vote you're gonna have it on your phone
and that's your thing no thumb prints
are not exact
assholes our exact exact and they don't
get changed by workouts or they don't
like you know you're something you can
see a bigger could be a little bit
different how do you know I don't know
that assholes don't get change from
workouts well they can one thing they
could do with your thumbprint right
some people burn their prints off you
can't really burn we guess you could
burn the ah your asshole into it and
unreadable that's one of the levels of
the CIA your ass well I can't get a good
relationship people keep rooting my
asshole wrong look I'm more than my
asshole it's four o'clock already
listen man your show looks amazing I'm
very excited for you I'm very happy for
you tell people once again it's on
Netflix yeah it's on Netflix it's called
the midnight gospel please just watch it
it's like yeah it's it's I'm very proud
of it and I think you'll enjoy it Duncan
Trussell calm Duncan Trussell on Twitter
Duncan Trussell on Instagram Duncan
Trussell family our podcast yes thank
you brother
thank you brother hello it's good to see
men secure thank you bye everybody see
it
[Music]